
                            *THE RED WIDOW*

                                   OR

                      THE DEATH-DEALERS OF LONDON


                                   BY

                           *WILLIAM LE QUEUX*



                        CASSELL AND COMPANY, LTD
                London, New York, Toronto and Melbourne
                                  1920




                               *CONTENTS*


CHAPTER

   1. Concerns a Man in White
   2. Who is Mrs. Braybourne?
   3. The "Game"—and its Players
   4. Progress of the Plot
   5. Contains a Note of Alarm
   6. The Locked Room In Hammersmith
   7. What Happened in Bridge Place
   8. On Loch Lomond
   9. A Gentleman named Greig
  10. More Mysterious Circumstances
  11. Spreading the Net
  12. The Person from Upstairs
  13. Relates a Strange Conversation
  14. On Saturday Night
  15. Carries the Mystery Farther
  16. Baiting the Trap
  17. "News" from Lancaster Gate
  18. The Coup and its Consequence
  19. What Happened to Gerald
  20. The Room of Evil
  21. Lost Days
  22. From out the Past
  23. The Cry in the Night
  24. Hard Pressed
  25. The Recluse
  26. "Get Rid of the Girl!"
  27. "The Day After To-Morrow"
  28. At the Window
  29. On Thin Ice
  30. Through the Darkness

Conclusion




                            *THE RED WIDOW*



                              *CHAPTER I*

                       *CONCERNS A MAN IN WHITE*


"I can’t understand what it all means.  The whole thing is a mystery—_a
great mystery_!  I have my suspicions—grave suspicions!" declared the
pretty blue-eyed girl emphatically.

"Of what?" asked the young man strolling at her side along the sunny
towing-path beside the Thames between Kew and Richmond.

"Well—I hardly know," was her hesitating response.  "But I don’t like
auntie to remain in that house any longer, Gerald.  Some evil lurks
there; I’m sure of it!"

Her companion smiled.

"Are you quite sure you are not mistaken, Marigold?" he asked in a
dubious tone.  "Are you absolutely certain that you really saw Mr. Boyne
on Thursday night?"

"Why, haven’t I already told you exactly what I saw?" asserted the girl
excitedly.  "I’ve related in detail all I know.  And I repeat that I
don’t like auntie being there any longer."

"Well," said the young man, as they strolled leisurely along near the
water’s edge on that Sunday afternoon in summer, their intention being
to take tea at Richmond, "if what you have described is an actual fact,
then I certainly do think we ought to watch the man very closely."

"You don’t doubt me—do you?" exclaimed the girl, with quick resentment.

"Not in the least, Marigold," he replied, halting and looking straight
into her clear, almost child-like eyes.  "Please do not misunderstand
me.  But what you have said is so extraordinary that—well, it seems all
so weird and amazing!"

"That’s just it.  The affair is extraordinary, and, as I’ve said, I hope
auntie will leave the place.  She has a very good post as housekeeper to
Mr. Boyne. Her affliction is against her, I know, but there is something
in progress at Bridge Place that is too mysterious for my liking."

"Then let us watch and try to discover what it really is," said Gerald
Durrant determinedly.

"Will you really help me?" she asked eagerly.

"Of course.  Rely upon me.  If I can be of any assistance to you where
your aunt is concerned, Marigold, I shall only be too delighted.  Surely
you know that!" he added, looking again into her eyes with an expression
of unspoken admiration and affection.

She murmured her thanks, and the pair—a handsome pair, indeed, they
were—went on along the gravelled path in a silence that remained
unbroken for some minutes.

Marigold Ramsay was just twenty-one, and an uncommonly pretty girl,
though unconsciously so. Men turned to glance a second time at her as
she passed.  Though a typical London business girl who carried her
leather dispatch-case on weekdays, she bore an air of distinction which
was unusual in one of her class.  Her clear, deep blue eyes, her open
countenance, her grace of carriage, her slim suppleness, and the
smallness of her hands and feet, all combined to create about her an air
of well-bred elegance which was enhanced by a natural grace and charm.
There was nothing loud about her, either in her speech or in her dress.
She spoke softly, and she wore a plain coat and skirt of navy gaberdine,
and a neat little velvet toque which suited her admirably.  She was,
indeed, as beautiful as she was elegant, and as intelligent as she was
charming.

Many a young man about Lombard Street—where Marigold was employed in the
head office of a great joint-stock bank—gazed upon her with admiration
as she went to and fro from business, but with only one of them, the man
at her side, had she ever become on terms of friendship.

Though Gerald Durrant had spoken no word of love, the pair had almost
unconsciously become fast friends.  He was a tall, good-looking young
fellow, with well-brushed hair and a small moustache carefully trimmed,
in whose rather deep-set eyes was an expression of kindly
good-fellowship.  Erect and athletic, his clear-cut features were
typical of the honest, clean-minded young Englishman who, though
well-born, was compelled, like Marigold, to earn his living in the City.

He had served in Flanders through the first year of war, but, being
invalided out, had been since employed as confidential secretary to the
head of a great firm of importers in Mincing Lane.

As, in his well-cut grey tweeds and straw hat, he strode beside her in
silence in the sunshine, he reflected.  What she had told him was
utterly amazing.  The whole affair was, indeed, a mystery.

Marigold had first met Gerald at a little corner table of a certain
small teashop in Fenchurch Street, where she daily took her frugal
luncheon.

One morning as he sat opposite to her he politely passed the salt.  From
that chance meeting they had each day chatted at the Cedar Tea-Rooms,
gradually becoming friends, until one Saturday, he had invited her to
Hampton Court, and they had spent the afternoon in the old-world gardens
of the Palace so reminiscent of Henry the Eighth and Cardinal Wolsey.

That day’s excursion had frequently been repeated, for Marigold’s great
blue eyes attracted the young man, until one day he cleverly arranged
that she should meet his sister—with whom he lived out at Ealing—and the
outcome was an invitation to tea on the following Sunday.  Thus the
chance-made acquaintance ripened until they found themselves looking
eagerly forward to lunch time on five days each week, when they would
rush to their meeting-place to chatter and enjoy the hour’s relaxation
from work.  Hence it was not surprising that Gerald had fallen violently
in love with Marigold, though he had never summoned up sufficient
courage to declare his affection.

"What you’ve told me is a problem which certainly requires
investigation," he remarked reflectively after a long silence.  "If your
aunt is in any real danger, then she should, I quite agree, leave the
house.  At present, however, I cannot see that she is, or why she should
know anything.  It is our duty to watch and to form our own
conclusions."

"Ah!" cried the girl gratefully, "it’s really awfully kind of you,
Gerald, to promise to help me. As you know, I have very few men friends,
and not one, save yourself, in whom I would place this confidence."

"You know me, Marigold," he said, with a smile of satisfaction.  "You
know that I will do all I can to help you to solve this extraordinary
problem."

The problem which the girl had placed before her admirer was certainly a
most puzzling one—sufficiently puzzling, indeed, to excite the curiosity
of anybody to whom it was presented.

Had Marigold Ramsay but foreseen the terrible vortex of uncertainty and
peril into which their inquiries would lead them, it is probable that
she would have hesitated ere she embarked upon an investigation so full
of personal risk to both.

In her ignorance of the cunningly-devised counter-plot, which shielded
from exposure and justice one of the most diabolical and remarkable
conspiracies of modern times, she and her admirer entered cheerfully
upon a policy which led to many exciting and perilous adventures, some
of which I intend to chronicle in these pages.

That you, my reader, shall clearly understand the cause of Marigold
Ramsay’s suspicions, it will be as well to here unfold certain queer
circumstances which had happened on the previous Thursday night.

Mr. Bernard Boyne, whom Marigold viewed with such distinct suspicion,
was a work-a-day man who tramped daily the bustling pavements of
Hammersmith, Chiswick, and Bedford Park as an insurance agent, and was
well known and very highly respected. He lived in a cheaply-furnished,
nine-roomed house in Bridge Place, Hammersmith, a dingy third-class
neighbourhood.  The exterior of the place was, in summer, rendered
somewhat more artistic than its neighbours in the same row by the dusty
Virginia creeper which covered its walls and hung untrimmed about its
windows.  Upon the railings was fastened a brass plate, always well
polished, which bore the name "Bernard Boyne—Insurance Agent."

Mr. Boyne had resided in that house for some six years.  He was well
known to all the tradespeople in the neighbourhood—for he paid his bills
weekly—as well as by the working classes whose policies he was so
frequently effecting, and whose small premiums he so assiduously
collected.

He was agent for several insurance companies of second-class standing.
He was also in touch with two well known underwriters at Lloyd’s who
would insure his commercial clients against practically anything—except
bankruptcy.

Year in, year out, he was to be seen, always respectably, and even
nattily dressed, passing actively in and about the neighbourhood, keenly
on the alert for any new clients and any fresh "proposals."

Probably Mr. Boyne was one of the best known of local personalities.  He
was a regular attendant at the parish church of St. George the Martyr,
Hammersmith, where he acted as sidesman.  Further, he was honorary
secretary to quite a number of charitable organisations and committees
in Hammersmith, and in consequence had become acquainted with most of
the wealthiest residents.

"Busy" Boyne—for that was what the people of Hammersmith called him—was
a widower, and lived in that small unpretentious house, a very deaf old
woman named Mrs. Felmore—the aunt of Marigold Ramsay—looking after him.
For several years she had performed the domestic duties, and she did
them well, notwithstanding her infirmity.

Now this is what happened.

On Thursday night, on his return after a strenuous day at about ten
o’clock, Boyne had entered his small sitting-room and taken his bulky
notebook and papers from his pocket.  Then he had thrown off his coat
and sat down to the cold meal which Mrs. Felmore had prepared for him
prior to retiring.  Though the house was so dingy, yet everything
appertaining to its master’s comfort was well ordered, as shown by the
fact that the evening paper was lying neatly folded, ready for his hand.

Beneath the hissing incandescent gas-jet Bernard Boyne looked very pale,
his eyes deeply set, his brow furrowed and careworn.  He seemed weary
and out-of-sorts.

"Fool!" he grunted aloud to himself.  "I’m growing nervous!  I suppose
it is that big cheque that I had to-day—seven thousand, eight
hundred—the biggest I’ve ever had.  I wonder if I ought to tell Lilla?"

The room was the typical home of a man earning an income on commission
just sufficient to enable him to "rub along" in comfort.  It was
certainly not the room of a man who was receiving cheques for such sums
as seven thousand, eight hundred pounds.

At first glance Bernard Boyne, as he stood there in his shirt-sleeves,
was an excellent type of the steady, reliable insurance agent, with no
soul above "proposals" and "premiums."  They constituted his sole aim in
life, now that his "dear wife" was dead.

Nobody suspected the man who so piously passed round the bag in St.
George the Martyr on Sundays to be a man of mystery.  Nobody, indeed,
would ever have dreamed that the active man in question would be placing
cheques to his account of such value as seven thousand odd pounds.

"I wonder how long I shall remain here?" he whispered to himself.  "I
wonder what all these good people would say if they but knew—eh?  _If
they knew_!  But, happily, they don’t know!"  He chuckled to himself.

He was silent for a moment as he crossed to rearrange the dusty old
Venetian blinds.

Then he turned to a half-open cupboard beside the fireplace, and from it
took a small wire cage from which he released a tame white rat, which
instantly ran up his arm and settled upon his shoulder.

"Poor little Nibby!" he exclaimed, tenderly stroking its sharp pink
snout with his forefinger. "Have I neglected you?  Poor little fellow!—a
prisoner all day!  But if I let you out when I’m away some nasty terrier
might get you—eh?  Come let me atone for my neglect."

And he placed his pet upon the table, over which the rodent ran to
investigate the remains of the meal.

Boyne stood watching his pet nibbling at a scrap of sausage.

"Ah!" he gasped in a whisper.  "If they knew—but they will never know.
They _can’t_!"

A few minutes later his actions were, to say the least, strange.

He flung himself into the old armchair from which the flock stuffing
protruded from the worn-out American cloth, and unbuttoning his dusty
boots, took them off.  Then, in his socks, he crept upstairs, and on the
landing listened at the deaf old woman’s door.  Sounds of heavy snoring
apparently satisfied him.

Back again he returned to the parlour, and with a key opened the
opposite cupboard beside the fireplace, from which he took a very long,
loose coat which seemed to be made of white alpaca.  This he shook out
and submitted to close scrutiny.  It was shaped like a monk’s habit,
with a leather strap around the waist—a curious garment, for it had a
hood attached, with two slits in it for the eyes.

After careful examination of the strange garment, he put it on over his
head, drawing down the hood over his eyes, which gave him a hideous
appearance—like the ghost of an ancient Inquisitor of Spain, or a member
of the mediæval Misericordia Society of Italy, dressed in white instead
of black.

Thus attired, he fumbled beneath in his pocket, and then noiselessly
ascended the two flights of stairs to an attic door upon which was the
circular brass plate of a Yale lock.  This he opened, and passing
within, closed the door softly behind him.

Bernard Boyne naturally believed himself alone in the house with old
Mrs. Felmore sound asleep—but, truth to tell, _he was not_!

As he ascended the stairs, Marigold’s pale face peered around the
corner.  The shock of seeing such a hideous ghostly form moving silently
upstairs proved almost too much for her.  But clinging on to the
banisters, she managed to repress the cry of alarm which rose to her
lips, and she stood there rooted to the spot—full of wonder and
bewilderment. She listened breathlessly, still standing in the dark
passage which led to the kitchen stairs.  Then she detected the sound of
the key going into the lock of the upstairs room where she knew Mr.
Boyne kept his private papers.

But was it Mr. Boyne?  Or was it an intruder who had adopted that garb
in order to frighten any person he might encounter?  Besides, why should
Mr. Boyne assume such a strange disguise before entering the room where
his business papers were stored?

Now upon that summer night Marigold had called about nine o’clock to
visit her aunt, who had in years past been as a mother to her, to have a
snack of supper, as she often did.  Afterwards she had helped her aunt
to prepare Mr. Boyne’s frugal meal.  Then old Mrs. Felmore, feeling
rather unwell, had gone to bed, leaving her niece in the kitchen to
write an urgent letter to Gerald, which she wanted to post before
midnight.

As she finished the letter, she had heard someone enter, and not
desiring that Mr. Boyne should know of her presence there at that hour,
she had moved about quietly, and was just about to escape from the house
when she had seen that strangely-garbed figure ascending the stairs.

The girl’s first impulse had been to waken her aunt and raise an alarm
that an intruder had entered the place.  But on seeing that the supper
had been eaten, and that Mr. Boyne’s hat and coat lay upon the sofa, she
at once decided that the figure that had ascended the stairs to the
locked room was actually that of the master of the house.

"Why is he dressed like that?" she asked herself in a whisper, as she
stood in the front parlour. "What can it mean?"

She glanced around the room.  The cupboard beside the fireplace, which
stood open, and from which Boyne had taken his strange disguise, caught
her eye.  She had never before seen that cupboard open, for her aunt had
always told her that Mr. Boyne kept some of his important insurance
papers there. Therefore, with curiosity, the girl approached it, finding
it practically empty, save for a woman’s big racoon muff, and with it a
photograph—that of a handsome, well-preserved woman of about forty,
across the front of which had been scrawled in a thin, feminine hand the
signature, "Lilla, January, 1919."

Who was Lilla?  She wondered.

Mr. Boyne she knew as a pleasant, easy-going man, full of generosity so
far as his limited means allowed.  He was a widower, who frequently
referred to his "poor dear wife," and would descant upon her good
qualities and how affectionately they had lived together for ten years.

The photograph, which she examined beneath the light, was quite a new
one, and dated—hence it could not be that of the late Mrs. Boyne.

"I’ll come back and tell auntie to-morrow," she said to herself.  "She
ought to know—or one night she’ll see him and get a shock like I’ve had.
And her heart is not too strong.  Yes—I must warn her—then no doubt
she’ll watch."

With those words she dabbed her hair in front of the cheap mirror over
the mantelshelf, and then treading on tiptoe, went to the front door and
let herself out.

This was the strange story Marigold had related to Gerald Durrant on
that sunny afternoon beside the Thames—a story which had aroused his
curiosity and held him fascinated.




                              *CHAPTER II*

                       *WHO IS MRS. BRAYBOURNE?*


Bernard Boyne was certainly a mystery man in Hammersmith, yet nobody
suspected it.  In all the years he had lived in the neighbourhood his
actions had never aroused a single breath of suspicion.

In pious black he passed the collection bag around to the congregation
of St. George the Martyr each Sunday morning, and afterwards, with a
deep bow, handed the bag to the rubicund vicar of his parish.

Often he had been approached to serve upon the municipality of the
borough, but he had always declined because of stress of work and for
"family" reasons.  Mr. Boyne could have achieved the highest local
honours, aldermanic and otherwise, had he cared for them, but
notwithstanding his great popularity, he was ever retiring, and even
anxious to efface himself.

When that night he descended the stairs of his house in Bridge Place,
all unconscious that he had been observed ascending them, he entered his
little parlour, where he divested himself of the ugly white overall and
locked it away, together with the woman’s muff and the photograph.  Then
he paced the room in indecision, ignorant that Marigold had only vacated
it a few minutes before.

He caught his pet, Nibby, after several attempts, and having replaced
him in his cage, again stood with knit brows, still apparently uncertain
how to act.  He was in a bad humour, for now and then he uttered
imprecations beneath his breath.  Whatever had occurred upstairs had no
doubt upset him.  A further imprecation fell from his lips as he cursed
his luck, and then, with sudden resolve, he resumed his boots, took his
felt hat and stick, turned out the gas, and, going out into the narrow
hall, extinguished the light and left the house.

He was in a bad temper on that warm summer’s night as he strode
hurriedly to the Hammersmith Broadway station, whence he took ticket to
Sloane Square.

"Rotten luck!  Lionel is a fool!" he declared to himself viciously, as
he approached the pigeon-hole to take his ticket.  "But one can’t have
all the good things of life.  One must fail sometimes.  And yet," he
added, "I can’t think why I’ve failed.  But so long as it isn’t a bad
omen, I don’t care!  Why should I?"

And he took his ticket and descended the stairs to the train.

On arrival at Sloane Square he walked along to Pont Street to a large,
red-brick house, into which he admitted himself with the latchkey upon
his chain, a key very similar to that of the locked room in Bridge
Place.

In the well-furnished hall he encountered a smart, good-looking French
lady’s maid.

"Ah!  Good-evening, Annette.  Is Madame at home?" he asked.

"Oui, monsieur," the girl promptly replied. "Madame is upstairs in the
boudoir."

Boyne, who was evidently no stranger there, hung up his hat and passed
upstairs to a room on the second floor, a cosy, tastefully-furnished
apartment, where, at a table upon which stood a reading-lamp with a
green silk shade, a handsome, dark-haired woman in a pearl-grey evening
frock sat writing a letter.

"Hallo, Lilla!  I’m glad you haven’t gone to bed!" he exclaimed.  "I
want to have a chat with you.  I met Annette downstairs.  A pity that
infernal girl hasn’t gone to her room.  I don’t want her to overhear
anything.  Recollect Céline!"

"I’ll send the girl to bed," said the woman, pressing an electric
button.  "Anything wrong?"

"Nothing very seriously wrong," was his reply.

And at his words the woman, who had betrayed alarm at sight of him, gave
a sigh of relief.

Bernard Boyne flung himself into a silk-covered easy-chair, and,
clasping his hands behind his head, gazed around the luxurious little
room.  It was, indeed, very different to his own surroundings in drab,
work-a-day Hammersmith.  Here taste and luxury were displayed on every
hand; a soft, old-rose carpet, with hangings and upholstery to match—a
woman’s den which had been furnished regardless of expense by one of the
best firms in the West End. Truth to tell, that elegant West End house
was his own, and the handsome woman, Lilla, though she passed as Mrs.
Braybourne, and was very popular in quite a good set, was his own wife.

Husband and wife lived apart.  They did so for a purpose.  Bernard was a
hard-working insurance agent, a strict Churchman, perfectly upright and
honest, though he lived his struggling life in Hammersmith.  Truly, the
_ménage_ in Pont Street was both unusual and curious.  Boyne, known to
the servants as Mr. Braybourne, was very often away for weeks at a time.
Then suddenly he would return and spend a week with his wife, being
absent, however, all day. Neither dear old Mrs. Felmore nor all his wide
circle of Hammersmith friends ever dreamed that he kept up another
establishment in one of the best streets in London, a thoroughfare where
a few doors away on either side were the legations of certain important
European States.

"My dear Lilla, we can’t be too careful," he said, with a kindly smile.
"Our business is a very ticklish one.  Ena agrees with me that Annette,
your maid, has picked up too much English, and in consequence is a
danger."

"Rubbish, my clear old Bernard!" laughed the handsome woman, upon whose
fingers sparkled several valuable rings.  "All that we need is to
exercise due discretion."

"I know.  When the game is crooked one has to be all the more careful."

"You don’t seem to be in the sweetest of tempers to-night," remarked his
wife, rather piqued.  His visit was unexpected, and to her it portended
unpleasantness.  Not because discord ever existed between them.  On the
contrary, they were bound together by certain secrets which neither one
nor the other dared to disclose.  Lilla Boyne feared her husband to
exactly the same extent that he feared her.

In that house in Pont Street, Mr. Boyne kept his well-cut suits, his
evening clothes, his opera hat, and his expensive suit-case marked
"B.B.," for on entry there he at once effaced his identity as the humble
insurance agent, and became Bernard Braybourne, a man of means, and
husband of the good-looking woman who in the course of five or six years
had been taken up by quite a number of well-known people.

"I didn’t expect you to-night," she remarked rather wearily.  "I thought
you’d have been here yesterday."

"I couldn’t come.  Sorry!" he replied.

"To-night I went to dine at Lady Betty’s.  You accepted, you know.  So I
apologised and said you had been called suddenly to Leeds last night,"
she said.  "That idea of your candidature at Leeds at the next election
works famously.  You have to go and meet your committee, I tell them,
and it always satisfies the curious.  All of them hope you’ll get in at
the by-election when old Sammie dies, as he must very soon.  They say
the doctors have only given him three months more."

"Then before that date I’ll have to retire from the contest," remarked
her husband, with a grin.

"Oh!  I’ll watch that for you all right.  Have you got that cheque?"

"Yes—to-day.  It came from my new solicitor—seven thousand, eight
hundred!"

"Good!  I’m glad they’ve paid up.  I began to fear that there might be
some little hitch.  They were so long-winded."

"So did I, to tell you the truth.  But it’s all right, and the new
lawyer, a smart young fellow in the City, suspects nothing.  I’ve
already sent him his fee—so that’s settled him."

"Will you employ him again?"

"I never employ a solicitor a second time, my dear Lilla.  That would be
a fatal mistake," was his reply.  "But what I came to tell you mainly is
that I’ve had a failure—a mysterious failure!  Things haven’t turned out
exactly as I expected they would."

"Failure!" gasped the woman, with disappointment upon her dark, handsome
face.  "Then we must postpone it?  How annoying!"

"Yes.  But perhaps it’s all for the best, Lilla. There was an element of
danger.  I told you that from the first."

"Danger!  Rubbish!" declared his wife, with boldness, the diamonds
flashing upon her fingers. "There’s no danger!  Of that I’m quite
convinced. There was much more in that other little affair last winter.
I was full of apprehension then—though I never told you of it."

"Well, at any rate, I haven’t succeeded in the little business I’ve been
attempting this last fortnight, so we’ll have to postpone it."

"Perhaps your failure is due to the presence of your deaf old lady in
the house," laughed his wife. "I passed the place in the car about a
fortnight ago. Ugh!  What a house!" and she shuddered.

"Yes, you might say so if you lived there and ate Mrs. Felmore’s cold
sausage for your supper, as I have to-night.  Yet it must be done.  If
one makes money one has to make some sacrifice, especially if the money
is made—well, not exactly on the square, shall we say?"  And he grinned.

                     *      *      *      *      *

Away in North Wales three days later.

A beautiful moonlit evening by the Irish Sea. Over the Great Orme the
moon shone brilliantly across the calm waters lazily lapping the bay of
Llandudno, which was filled at the moment with an overflowing crowd of
holiday folk, mostly from Yorkshire and Lancashire.

All the hotels and boarding houses were crowded out, and there were
stories of belated trippers, many of whom were on their first seaside
holiday after the stress of war, being compelled to sleep in bathing
machines.

The lamps along the promenade were all aglow, the pier blazed with
light, and across the bay came the strains of the orchestra playing
selections from the latest revue.

In the big lounge of the Beach Hotel, which faces the sea in the centre
of the bay, sat a well-preserved, middle-aged woman in a striking black
dinner gown, trimmed with jade-coloured ninon, and wearing a beautiful
jade bangle and ear-rings to match.  The visitor, whose hair was
remarkable because of its bright chestnut hue—almost red, indeed—had
been there for three weeks.  She was a widow, a Mrs. Augusta Morrison,
hailing from Carsphairn, in Kirkcudbrightshire, Scotland, whose late
husband had great interests in a big shipbuilding works at Govan.

Of rather loud type, as befitted the widow of a Scotch shipbuilder who
had commenced life in the shipyard, she dressed extravagantly, greatly
to the envy of the bejewelled wives of a few Lancashire war
millionaires, who, unable to gain admittance to that little piece of
paradise, the Oakwood Park Hotel, beyond Conway, were compelled to mix
with the holiday crowd on the seashore of Llandudno.

The hotel lounge was at the moment almost empty, for most of the
visitors were either on the pier or had gone out for a stroll in the
moonlight.  But Mrs. Morrison sat near the door chatting with Charles
Emery, a young Manchester solicitor who had only been married since he
had been demobilised six months before, and who had come to Llandudno
with his wife, as is the custom of young married folk of Lancashire.

Once or twice the rich widow—who had hired a car for her stay in North
Wales—had invited Emery and his wife to go for runs with her to Bangor,
and across the Menai Bridge to Holyhead, or to Carnarvon, Bettws-y-coed,
St. Asaph, and other places. From time to time she had told them of her
loneliness in her big country house in one of the wildest districts in
Scotland, and her intention to go abroad that winter—probably to Italy.

"My wife has gone to the theatre with Mr. and Mrs. Challoner," Emery was
saying, as he lazily smoked his cigarette.  "I had some letters to
write—business letters that came from the office this morning—so I
stayed in."

"Have you finished them?" asked the handsome widow, whose hair was
always so remarked, and her eyes large and luminous.

"Yes," he replied.  "I suppose I shall soon have to be back in harness
again in Deansgate.  But we shall both cherish the fondest memories of
your great kindness to us, Mrs. Morrison."

"It’s really nothing, I assure you," laughed the widow merrily.  "You
have taken compassion upon me in my horribly lonely life, and I much
appreciate it.  Ah!" she sighed.  "You can never imagine how lonely a
woman can be who goes about the world aimlessly, as I go about.  I
travel here and there, sometimes on trips abroad, by sea, or by rail,
often to the south of Europe, but I make no friends. Possibly it is my
own fault.  I may be too exclusive. And yet I never wish to be."

"I really don’t think that!" he said gallantly. "At any rate, you’ve
given us both a real ripping time!"

"I’m so glad you’ve enjoyed the little runs.  But not more, I’m sure,
than I have myself.  I cannot live without movement.  I love crowds.
That’s why I love cities—Manchester, London, Paris, and Rome. Where I
live, up in Kirkcudbrightshire, it is one of the wildest and least
explored districts of Great Britain.  Between Loch Ken and Loch Doon,
over the Cairnsmuir, the people are the most rural in all our island,
quiet, honest folk, with no soul above their sheep and their cows.  You
and your wife must come north one day to Carsphairn and stay with me."

"I’m sure we should both be only too delighted to accept your
hospitality, Mrs. Morrison," he said. "I’m afraid we can never repay you
for your kindness to us.  We are leaving next Monday."

"Oh, you have four more days!  I’m motoring to Bettws-y-coed again
to-morrow.  You must both come with me, and we’ll lunch at the Waterloo,
as we did before.  There has been rain these last few days, and the
Swallow Falls will no doubt be grand."

And so it was arranged.

Next day all three went in the car up the beautiful valley of the
Conway, with the wild hills on either side, through Eglwys Bach and
Llanrwst, past Gwydyr Castle, and on by the Falcon Rock to that gem of
North Wales, Bettws-y-coed.

To Mrs. Emery the widow was exceedingly amiable, and the day passed most
pleasantly.

As they were motoring back through the mountains, purple in the sunset,
between Capel Curig and Bangor, the widow, turning to Emery, suddenly
said:

"I wonder, Mr. Emery, if you would advise me upon a little point of
business?  I’m rather perturbed, and I would so much like your
professional advice.  Can I see you after dinner to-night?"

"Most certainly," was his reply.  "Any advice I can give you I will do
so to the best of my ability," said the sharp young lawyer, well pleased
at the prospect of a wealthy client.

That night at dinner Mrs. Morrison, radiant and handsome, wore a
striking gown of black-and-gold, with a gold band in her red hair, and
her string of fine pearls.  In the big white-and-gold dining-room she
was the most remarked of all the women there, but she pretended to take
no notice of the sensation caused by her entrance into the room.  Yet
that gown had cost her sixty guineas in Dover Street, and, in secret,
she was amused at the excitement its appearance had caused among the
moneyed folk of Lancashire-by-the-Sea, who, after all, be it said, are
honest people and who are more thorough than the shallow "Society" of
post-war London.

After dinner, while Mrs. Emery went into the lounge and joined a woman
and her daughter whom she knew, her husband went to Mrs. Morrison’s
sitting-room, where he found coffee awaiting him.

She produced a big silver box of cigarettes, and when she had served him
with coffee and liqueur she lit a cigarette and settled herself to talk.

"The fact, Mr. Emery, is this," the woman with the wonderful hair
commenced, when he had seated himself.  "My late husband was a
shipbuilder at Govan.  Only recently I discovered that some twenty years
ago he was guilty of some sharp practice in a financial deal which,
while he and his friends enriched themselves, a man named Braybourne and
his wife were both ruined.  Braybourne died recently, but his widow is
living in London.  Now knowledge of this affair has greatly upset me,
for I had the greatest faith in my dear husband’s honesty."

"Naturally," remarked the young lawyer.  "The knowledge of such a stigma
attaching to his name must grieve you."

"Exactly.  And I want somehow to make reparation. Not while I am
alive—but after my death," she said.  "I have been wondering what course
would be best to pursue.  I don’t know Mrs. Braybourne, and probably she
is in ignorance of my existence. Yet I should much like to do something
in order to relieve my conscience.  What would you advise?"

The young solicitor was silent for a few moments. At last he replied:

"Well, there are several courses open.  You could make her an anonymous
gift.  But that would be difficult, for with a little inquiry she could
discover the source of the payment."

"Ah!  I don’t want her to know anything!"

"I quite agree with that.  You could, of course, make a will in her
favour—leave her a legacy."

Mrs. Morrison remained silent for a while.

"Yes," she said at last, "that would be a way of easing my conscience
regarding my husband’s offence."

"Or, another way, you could insure your life in her favour.  Then, at
your death, she would receive the money unexpectedly," he suggested.

"That’s rather a brilliant suggestion, Mr. Emery!" she replied eagerly.
"But I know nothing about insurance matters.  How can I do it?  What
have I to do and where shall I go to insure?"

"Well, Mrs. Morrison, I happen to be agent for a first-class life
assurance company, the Universal, whose head offices are in Cornhill,
London.  If you so desire, I would be very happy to place a proposal
before them," he said enthusiastically, for it meant a very substantial
commission.

"I shall be very glad indeed, Mr. Emery, if you can carry the business
through for me."

"With the utmost pleasure," was the young man’s reply.  "Er—what amount
do you propose?"

"Oh!  I hardly know.  Some really substantial sum, I think.  My husband,
I have learned, got some twenty thousand pounds out of Mr. Braybourne.
At least I would like to give her back half that sum."

"Ten thousand!  How extremely generous of you, Mrs. Morrison.  Of
course, it’s a large sum, and will mean a special premium, but no doubt
the company will, providing you pass the medical test, issue the
policy."

She thanked him for his promise to take up the matter for her.  Then he
went down to the writing-room to pen a letter to the Universal Assurance
Company, while the handsome red-haired widow passed along the lounge
and, with her merry chatter, rejoined his wife.




                             *CHAPTER III*

                      *THE "GAME"—AND ITS PLAYERS*


On the following morning Mr. Emery, the young solicitor, entered Mrs.
Morrison’s sitting-room at Llandudno with a telegram in his hand.

"I’ve just had this from the manager of the Universal.  They are
prepared to do the business and are writing me full particulars.  I
shall get them by to-morrow morning’s post.  I’ve wired to my clerk,
Wilson, to post me a proposal form and some other papers."

Emery, his one thought being the big commission upon the business,
entered Mrs. Morrison’s room twenty-four hours later with a number of
papers in his hand.

He sat down with the rich widow, and put before her the proposal form—a
paper which had printed upon it a long list of questions, mostly
inquisitorial. The bed-rock question of that document was "Who are you,
and are you subject to any of the ills that human flesh is heir to?"

Question after question she read, and her answers he wrote down in the
space reserved for them.  Once or twice she hesitated before replying,
but he put down her hesitation to a natural reserve.

The filling up of the form took some time, after which she appended her
signature in a bold hand, and this completed the proposal.

"I fear it will be necessary for you to go to London to pass the
doctor," he said.  "When would that be convenient?"

"Any time after next Wednesday," she replied. "As a matter of fact, I
have some shopping to do in town before I return to Scotland, so I can
kill two birds with one stone."

"Excellent!  They will, of course, make it as easy for you as possible.
You will hear from Mr. Gray at the head office.  Where shall you stay in
town?

"With a friend of mine—a Mrs. Pollen."  And she gave him an address in
Upper Brook Street which he wrote down.

Before eleven o’clock Mrs. Morrison had dispatched a telegram addressed
to "Braybourne, 9b, Pont Street, London," which read:


_"All preliminaries settled.  Shall be in London end of week._—AUGUSTA
MORRISON."


Meanwhile, the solicitor, greatly elated at securing such a remunerative
piece of work, sent the completed proposal to the head office of the
company in London, and on the following day, accompanied by his wife,
returned to his home in Manchester, after what had turned out to be a
very profitable as well is beneficial holiday.

Before leaving, Mrs. Morrison arranged that he should carry the whole
matter through, her parting injunction being:

"Remember—tell the Company to write to me at Upper Brook Street, and not
to Scotland.  And always write to me yourself to London."

Now that same evening, after Emery’s departure, there arrived at the
Beach Hotel, wearing rimless pince-nez, a dark, strongly-built man, well
dressed, and with a heavy crocodile suit-case which spoke mutely of
wealth.  He signed the visitor’s form as Pomeroy Graydon, and gave his
address as "Carleon Road, Roath, Cardiff, Shipbroker."

He was late, and ate his dinner alone.  Afterwards he went out for a
stroll on the esplanade in the direction of the Little Orme, when, after
walking nearly half a mile, he suddenly encountered the red-haired
widow, who was attired plainly in navy blue with a small hat, having
evidently changed her dress after dinner.

"Well, Ena!" he exclaimed, lifting his soft felt hat politely.  "I’m
here, you see!  I thought it best to come up and see you.  I’m at your
hotel as Mr. Graydon of Cardiff."

"I’m awfully glad you’ve come, Bernie," she said. "I rather expected
you."

"As soon as Lilla got your wire I started, and was fortunate to get to
Euston just in time for the Irish mail—changed at Chester, and here I
am!"

The pair strolled to a convenient seat close to where the waves lazily
lapped upon the wall of the esplanade—for the tide was up—and the night
a perfect one with a full white moon.

"Everything going well?" asked the smartly dressed man, whose pose in
Hammersmith was so entirely different.  He spoke in an eager tone.

"Yes, as far as I can see it’s all plain sailing. I’m doing my part, and
leave you and Lilla to do the rest.  I’ve met here a very nice young
fellow—as I intended—a useful solicitor named Emery, of Manchester. He
is carrying the matter through for me. He’s agent of the Universal."

"A first-class office."

"Well, I’m insuring with them in Lilla’s favour."

"Have you carried out the plan we discussed?"

"To the very letter!  Trust me, my dear Bernie."

"I always do, Ena," he declared, gazing across the moonlit sea.  They
were alone on the seat, and there was none to overhear:

"Ten thousand is a decent sum.  Let’s hope it will be all over soon.  I
sometimes have bad quarters of an hour—when I think!" he remarked.

"The sums assured have been higher and higher," she said.  "We started
with five hundred—you recollect the woman Bayliss?—and now we are always
in thousands.  Only you, Bernard, know how the game should be played.  I
do my part, but it is your brain which evolves all this business for
which the companies are so eager, and which is so wonderful."

"True, our plan works well," Boyne admitted, still gazing over the sea.
"We’ve all of us made thousands out of it—haven’t we?"

"Yes.  I can see no loophole by which the truth might leak out—save
one," she said very seriously.

"And what’s that?"’

"Your visits to your wife," was her reply.  "Suppose somebody watched
you, and saw you leave your frowsy little house in Hammersmith, go to
Lilla in Pont Street, and blossom forth into a gentleman of means; it
would certainly arouse a nasty suspicion. Therefore you should always be
most careful."

"I am.  Never fear," he said.  "Recollect, nobody in Hammersmith knows
that Lilla Braybourne is my wife."

"They don’t know.  But they might suspect things, which may lead
eventually to an awkward inquiry, and then——?"

"Oh! my dear Ena, don’t contemplate unpleasant things!" he urged, with a
shrug of the shoulders. "I know you are a clever woman—more clever by
far than Lilla herself—therefore I always rely upon your discretion and
foresight.  Now, tell me—what has happened up to date?"

In reply she told him briefly of her meeting with the young solicitor
Emery—which she had prearranged, by the way—and how she had entertained
the newly-married pair.

"They, of course, believe you to be Mrs. Augusta Morrison, of
Carsphairn, widow of old Joe Morrison, the great shipbuilder of Govan?"
he remarked, smiling.

"Exactly.  As you know, I paid a visit in secret to Carsphairn six weeks
ago, and found out quite a lot.  This I retailed to the Emerys, and they
took it all in.  I described Carsphairn to them, and showed them the
snapshots of the place which I took surreptitiously when I was up there.
Indeed, I gave a couple of them to Mrs. Emery—to make evidence."

"Excellent!" he exclaimed.  "You never leave anything undone, Ena."

"One must be thorough in everything if one desires success."

"And what is your address?"

"I gave it to my own flat in Upper Brook Street—care of Ena
Pollen—widow."

"So you will come to London?"

"Yes—I have to go there shopping before I return to Scotland," she
replied grimly.  "I am staying with Mrs. Pollen."

"Good!  It will be far the best for their London doctors to examine you.
If you were examined up here they might resist the claim.  If they did
that—well, it would open up the whole business, and we certainly can’t
afford to arouse the very least little bit of doubt."

"Hardly," she laughed.  "Well, I’ve played the game properly, my dear
Bernie.  My name is Morrison, and I am the widow of old Joe Morrison,
the woman with the red hair, and I live at Carsphairn,
Kirkcudbrightshire, the fine sporting estate left me by my late husband.
All that is upon the records of the Universal Life Assurance
Corporation."

"Excellent!  You’ve established an undeniable identity—red hair and
everything!" he said, again gazing reflectively out across the rippling
waters. "You have taken the first step."

"The second move is that Mrs. Morrison goes to London on a shopping
visit, prior to going abroad," the widow said.

"Really, you are marvellous, Ena!" declared the humble insurance agent
of Hammersmith.  "Your foresight always carries you to success."

"In a number of cases it has done so, I admit," the woman laughed.
"When one’s identity is not exactly as one represents, one has to have
one’s eyes skinned day and night.  Men—even the shrewdest lawyers—are
always easily gulled.  Why?  Because of the rapacious maws the legal
profession have for fees.  Women are always dangerous, for they are too
frequently jealous of either good looks or pretty frocks.  A man I can
usually manage—a woman, seldom, unless she is in love.  Then I side with
her in her love affair and so gain her confidence."

"Ena, I repeat I hold you in admiration as one of the cleverest women I
have ever known.  Nothing deters you—nothing perturbs you!  You fix a
plan, and you carry it through in your own way—always with profit to our
little combination."

"And very substantial profit, I venture to think, eh?"

"I agree," he said, with a grim laugh.

"All thanks to you, my dear Bernie," the red-haired woman said.  "But
really I am growing just a little apprehensive.  Why—I don’t know, I
cannot tell.  But somehow I fear we may play the game once too often.
And what then—eh?"

"Funnily enough, I’ve experienced the same curiously apprehensive
feeling of late," he said.  "I always try, of course, to crush it out,
just as I crush out any other little pricks of conscience which occur to
me when I awake in the mornings."

"Very strange that we should both of us entertain apprehensive
feelings!" she remarked very thoughtfully.  "I hope it’s no ill omen!
Do you think it is?"

"No," he laughed.  "Don’t let us seek trouble—for Heaven’s sake.  At
present there is not the slightest danger.  Of that I feel confident.
Let us go forward.  When shall you go up to London?"

"To-morrow.  I go to visit my dear friend, Mrs. Pollen—as I have told
you."

He laughed.

"So really you are going on a visit to yourself—eh?  Excellent!  Really
you are unique, Ena!"

"Well—it is the only way, and it will work well."

Then the strange pair, who were upon such intimate terms, rose and
strolled leisurely side by side back towards the opposite end of the
promenade, chatting merrily the while.

When approaching the Beach Hotel they halted, and the woman bade the man
good-bye.  Afterwards he sank upon a seat in one of the shelters, while
she walked on and entered the hotel.

Not until half an hour later, after he had taken a stroll along to the
end of the pier, where the band was still playing, did he return to the
hotel. Mrs. Morrison was at the moment sitting in the lounge chatting
with two men visitors.  The eyes of the pair met as he passed, but
neither gave any sign of recognition.

To those in the lounge the two were absolutely strangers to each other.

Little did the other visitors dream of the dastardly, even demoniacal,
plot that was being so skilfully woven in their midst.

Next afternoon Bernard Boyne stepped from out of the Holyhead express
upon Euston platform and drove in a taxi to Pont Street, where he was
greeted warmly by his wife, who had been informed of his advent by
telegram from Chester.

"Well?" she asked, when the door of the luxurious drawing-room was
closed and they were alone.  "And how did you find Ena?"

"She’s splendid!  All goes well," was his enthusiastic reply.  "She’s
got hold of a young Manchester solicitor who is carrying the policy
through all right. He happens to be an agent of the Universal.  She’s on
her way back to London now.  I wasn’t seen with her in the hotel, of
course."

"When is she coming here?"

"To-night at nine.  She wants to see you."

"I think the less she sees of me just now the better, don’t you,
Bernie?"

"I quite agree.  We don’t want anyone to recognise you as friends when
the time comes," replied Boyne.  "As soon as she gets passed by the
doctors—both of them unknown to any of us—which is a blessing—she’ll
have to go up to Scotland."

"To New Galloway again?"

"No.  To Ardlui, that pretty little village at the head of Loch Lomond.
The inquiries I have been making of the servants at Carsphairn show that
it is the lady’s intention to go with her maid to Ardlui for a
fortnight, and thence to Edinburgh for another fortnight."

"Really, Bernie, you are wonderful in the way you pry into people’s
intentions."

"Only by knowing the habits and intentions of our friends can we hope to
be successful," was his reply, as he flung himself back among the silken
cushions of the couch and lazily lit a cigarette.

"So Ena will have to go to Scotland again?"

"Yes.  She ought to pass the doctors in a week, for this young fellow is
pushing it through because of the handsome fee she will give him, and
then, in the following week, she must put on her best frocks and best
behaviour and take a ’sleeper’ on the nine twenty-five from Euston to
Glasgow."

"What an adventure!" remarked the handsome woman before him.

"Of course.  But we are out for big money this time, remember."

"You have examined the whole affair, I suppose, and considered it from
every standpoint—eh?"

"Of course I have.  As far as I can discover, there is no flaw in our
armour.  This young solicitor is newly married, and is much gratified
that the wealthy Mrs. Morrison should take such notice of his young
wife.  But you know Ena well enough to be sure that she plays the game
all right.  She’s the rich widow to the very letter, and talks about her
’dear husband’ in a manner that is really pathetic. She declares that
they were such a devoted couple."

"Yes.  Ena can play the game better than any woman in England," agreed
his wife.  "Have some tea?"

"No; it’s too hot," he replied.  "Get me some lemonade."

And she rose, and presently brought him a glass of lemonade.  She
preferred to wait upon him, for she was always suspicious of the maids
trying to listen to their conversation, which, however, was discreet and
well guarded.

That night at about half-past nine, husband and wife having dined
together _tête-à-tête_—being waited on by the smart young Italian
footman—Ena Pollen was ushered into the drawing-room.

"Oh!  Welcome back, dear!" cried Mrs. Braybourne, jumping up and
embracing her friend, making pretence, of course, before the servant.
"Sit down.  I had no idea you were in London!  I thought you were
somewhere in the wilds of Wales."

Then, when the door had closed, her attitude altered to one of deep
seriousness.

"Well," she said, "according to Bernie, everything goes well, doesn’t
it?"

"Excellently," replied the other.  "You see in me Mrs. Augusta Morrison,
widow, of Carsphairn, New Galloway, who is in London on a visit to her
friend, Ena Pollen, and who is about to be passed as a first-class
life!"  And she laughed, the other two smiling grimly.

"I congratulate you upon finding that young solicitor.  What’s his
name?"

"Emery—just getting together a practice and looking out for the big
commission on the first of my premiums," she said.  "We’ve met those
before.  Do you recollect that fellow Johnson-Hughes?  Phew! what an
ass!"

"But he was over head and ears in love with you, my dear Ena," said
Boyne, "and you know it."

"Don’t be sarcastic, Bernie!" she exclaimed, with a pout.  "Whether he
was in love with me or not, it doesn’t matter.  We brought off the
little affair successfully, and we all had a share of the pickings. In
these post-war profiteering days it is only by callous dishonour and
double-dealing one can make both ends meet.  It begins in the Cabinet
and ends with the marine store dealer.  Honesty spells ruin. That’s my
opinion."

"I quite agree," Lilla declared.  "If we had all three played a straight
game, where should we be now?"

"Living in Bridge Place," remarked Boyne, whereat the two women laughed
merrily.

                     *      *      *      *      *

That night Marigold met Gerald at Mark Lane Station, and they travelled
westward together on the way home.  In the Underground train they
chatted about the mystery of Bridge Place, but amid the crush and
turmoil of home-going City workers they could say but little.

Marigold had been again to see her deaf aunt, who was still unsuspicious
of the strange state of affairs in her master’s humble home.

Gerald was next day compelled to accompany his principal up north to a
conference upon food prices, and for ten days he remained away.
Therefore Marigold could only watch and wait.

She went to Bridge Place several times, and saw Mr. Boyne there.  He was
always cheerful and chatty.  About him there seemed nothing really
suspicious.  Indeed, when she considered it all, she began to wonder
whether she had not made a fool of herself.




                              *CHAPTER IV*

                         *PROGRESS OF THE PLOT*


In the dull, sombre consulting-room of Sir Humphrey Sinclair in Queen
Anne Street, Cavendish Square—a room with heavy mahogany furniture,
well-worn carpet, a big writing-table set in the window, and an
adjustable couch against the wall—sat the pseudo Mrs. Augusta Morrison,
who desired to insure her life.

At the table sat the great physician, a clean-shaven, white-haired man,
in large, round, gold-rimmed spectacles.  He was dressed in a grey
cashmere suit—for the weather was unbearably hot that morning—and, truth
to tell, he was longing for his annual vacation at his pretty house by
the sea at Frinton.

In the medical world Humphrey Sinclair had made a great name for
himself, and had had among his patients various European royalties,
besides large numbers of the British aristocracy and well-known people
of both sexes.  Quiet mannered, soft spoken, and exquisitely polite, he
was always a favourite with his lady patients, while Lady Sinclair
herself moved in a very good set.

Having arranged a number of papers which the Universal had sent to him,
he took one upon which a large number of questions were printed with
blank spaces for the proposer’s replies.  Then, turning to her, he said,
with a smile:

"I fear, Mrs. Morrison, that I shall be compelled to ask you a number of
questions.  Please understand that they are not merely out of curiosity,
but the company claim a right to know the family and medical history of
any person whose life they insure.

"I perfectly understand, Sir Humphrey," replied the handsome woman.
"Ask me any questions you wish, and I will try to reply to them to the
best of my ability."

"Very well," he said.  "Let’s begin."  And he commenced to put to her
questions regarding the date of her birth, the cause of the deaths of
her father and her mother, whether she had ever suffered from this
disease or that, dozens of which were enumerated. And so on.

For nearly half an hour the great doctor plied her with questions which
he read aloud from the paper, and then wrote down her replies in the
spaces reserved for them.

Never once did she hesitate—she knew those questions off by heart,
indeed, and had her replies ready, replies culled from a budget of
information which during the past three months had been cleverly
collected.  Truth to tell, she was replying quite accurately to the
questions, but only so far as Mrs. Morrison of Carsphairn was concerned.
The medical history she gave was correct in every detail concerning Mrs.
Morrison.

But, after all, was not the proposal upon the life of Mrs. Morrison, and
did not the famous physician believe her to be the widow of Carsphairn?

Sir Humphrey asked her to step upon the weighing machine in the corner
of the room, and afterwards he measured her height and wrote it down
with a grunt of satisfaction.

Then, after further examination, and putting many questions, he reseated
himself, and turned to the page upon which his own private opinion was
to be recorded.

"I hope you don’t find much wrong with me?" asked the lady, with a
little hesitation.

"No, my dear madam—nothing that I can detect," was the physician’s reply
as he gazed at her through his big glasses.  "Of course, my colleague,
Doctor Hepburn, may discover something.  I shall have to ask you to call
upon him."

"When?"

"Any time you care to arrange.  To-day—if you like.  He may be at home.
Shall I see?"

"I do so wish you would, Sir Humphrey," Ena said.  "I want to get back
to Scotland, as I have to go to Ardlui next week."

The great doctor took the telephone at his elbow, and was soon talking
to Doctor Hepburn, with whom he arranged for the lady to call in an
hour.

Then Sir Humphrey scribbled the address in Harley Street on a slip of
paper, and with a few polite words of reassurance, rang his bell, and
the man-servant conducted her out.

"An exceptionally pretty woman," grunted old Sir Humphrey to himself
when she had gone. "Highly intelligent, and a first-class life."

And he sat down to record his own private views as to the physical
condition of the person proposed for insurance.

Ena idled before the shop windows in Oxford Street for three-quarters of
an hour, and then took a taxi to Harley Street, where she found Doctor
Stanley Hepburn, a short, stout, brown-bearded man of rather abrupt
manner.

In his smart, up-to-date consulting-room he put the same questions to
her, wearying as they were, and parrot-like she answered them.

"Truly, I’m having a busy morning, doctor," she remarked, with a sigh,
laughing at the same time.

"Apparently," he said, smiling.  "I must apologise for bothering you
with all these questions. Sir Humphrey has, no doubt, gone through them
all."

"He has."

"Well, never mind.  Forgive me, and let’s get along," he said briskly.

And he proceeded with question after question. At last, after an
examination exactly like that conducted by Sir Humphrey, Doctor Hepburn
reseated himself at his table, and said:

"Well, Mrs. Morrison, I don’t think I need keep you any longer."

"Are you quite satisfied with me?" she asked boldly.

He was silent for a few seconds.

"As far as I myself am concerned I see no reason whatever why the
company should not accept the risk," was his reply.  "Of course, I don’t
know the nature of Sir Humphrey’s report; but I expect it coincides with
my own.  I can detect nothing to cause apprehension, and, in normal
circumstances, you should live to quite old age."

"Thanks!  That is a very agreeable piece of information," she said.

Then, his waiting-room being crowded—for he had given her a special
appointment—he rose and, bowing, dismissed her, saying:

"I shall send in my report to the company to-night, therefore the matter
should go through without delay."

Afterwards, as she walked along Harley Street, a great weight having
been lifted from her mind, she hailed a taxi and drove back to her
pretty flat in Upper Brook Street, where a dainty lunch awaited her.

To answer frankly and correctly those questions had been an ordeal.
Those queries were so cleverly arranged that if, after death, the
replies to any of them are found to be false the company would be able
to resist the claim upon it.  To give a true and faithful account of
your parents’ ailments and your own illnesses is difficult enough, but
to give an equally true account of those of another person is extremely
difficult and presents many pitfalls.  And none knew that better than
Ena Pollen.

After lunch, she rested for an hour, as was her habit in summer, and
then she took a taxi to Pont Street, where she had tea with Lilla
Braybourne.

To her she related her adventures among the medicos, adding:

"All is serene!  There’s nothing the matter with Mrs. Morrison of
Carsphairn!  She’s in excellent health and may live to be ninety.  Hers
is a first-class life!"

"Bernie predicted it," said the wife of the humble insurance agent of
Hammersmith.  "You were passed fit in the Fitzgerald affair—you
recollect."

"Yes," snapped the handsome woman.  "What a pity the sum wasn’t five
thousand instead of five hundred."

"I agree.  But we didn’t then realise how easy was the game.  Now we
know—a few preliminary inquiries, a plausible tongue—which, thanks to
Heaven, you’ve got, Ena—a few smart dresses, and a knowledge of all the
devious ways of insurance and assignments—and the thing is easy."

"Well, as far as we’ve gone in this matter all goes well—thanks to
Bernie’s previous inquiries regarding the good lady of Carsphairn."

"She’s a bit of a skinflint, I believe.  Can’t keep servants.  She has a
factor who is a very close Scot, and things at Carsphairn are usually in
a perturbed condition," Lilla said.  "Bernie has gone back to Bridge
Place.  What an awful life the poor dear leads!  Fancy having to live
with that deaf old woman Felmore!"

"Yes.  But isn’t it part of the game?  By living in Hammersmith, and
being such a hard-working, respectable man, he acquires a lot of very
useful knowledge."

"Quite so; but it must be very miserable there for him."

"He doesn’t mind it, he says," was the reply. "It brings money."

"It certainly does that," said Lilla.  "When shall you go north?  Will
you wait till the policy is issued?"

"I think not.  The sooner I meet Mrs. Morrison the better.  Don’t you
agree?"

"Certainly.  What does Bernie say?"

"That’s his view," answered Ena.  "So I shall go to Scotland at the end
of the week.  I shall stay at the Central, in Glasgow, for a night or
two, and then on to Loch Lomond."

"Bernie has heard from one of his secret sources of information that the
widow is leaving Carsphairn three days earlier than she intended.  She
goes to visit a niece who lives in Crieff, and then on to Ardlui."

"I’ve been to Ardlui before—on a day trip from Glasgow up the Loch," Ena
said.  "A quiet, remote little place, with an excellent hotel right at
the extreme end of the Loch, beyond Inversnaid."

"Then you’ll go north without waiting for the policy?"

"Yes.  Letters will come to me addressed care of myself, and Bernie will
send them on.  As soon as I have notice that the company will accept me,
I’ll pay the premium.  I’ve already opened a little account in the name
of Augusta Morrison, so that I can send them a cheque.  In the
meanwhile, we need lose no time."

"And yet I don’t think we ought to rush it unduly, do you?" asked Lilla.

"Oh! we shan’t do that, my dear Lilla.  There’s a lot to be done in the
matter of inspiring confidence. Perhaps dear Augusta will not take to
me.  What then?"

"You always know how to make yourself pleasant, Ena.  She’ll take to
you, never fear!"

"According to the reports we’ve had about her, she’s rather
discriminating in her friendships," said the handsome woman, smiling
grimly.

"Well, I rather wish I were coming with you for a fortnight on Loch
Lomond," said Lilla.

"No, my dear, you have no place in the picture at present.  Much as I
would like your companionship, you are far better here at home."

"Yes, I suppose you are right!" answered her friend, sighing.  "But I
long for Scotland in these warm summer days."

"Get Bernie to take you to the seaside for a bit. There’s nothing urgent
doing just now."

"Bernie is far too busy in Hammersmith, my dear," Lilla laughed.  "He
wouldn’t miss his weekly round for worlds.  Besides, he’s got some
important church work on—helping the vicar in a series of mission
meetings."

"Bernie is a good Churchman, I’ve heard," said Ena.

"Of course.  That, too, is part of the big bluff. The man who carries
round the bag every Sunday is always regarded as pious and upright.  And
Bernie never loses a chance to increase his halo of respectability."

Ena remained at Pont Street for about half an hour longer, and then,
returning to her own flat, she set about sorting out the dresses she
would require for Scotland, and assisted her elderly maid to pack them.

Afterwards she returned into her elegant little drawing-room and seated
herself at the little writing-table, where she consulted a diary.  Then
she wrote telegrams to the hotels at Glasgow and at Ardlui, engaging
rooms for dates which, after reflection, she decided upon.

Ena Pollen was a woman of determination and method.  Her exterior was
that of a butterfly of fashion, careless of everything save her dress
and her hair, yet beneath the surface she was calm, clever, and
unscrupulous, a woman who had never loved, and who, indeed, held the
opposite sex in supreme contempt.  The adventure in which she was at
that moment engaged was the most daring she had ever undertaken.  The
unholy trio had dabbled in small affairs, each of which had brought them
profit, but the present undertaking would, she knew, require all her
tact and cunning.

The real Mrs. Augusta Morrison, the widow of Carsphairn, was one of
Boyne’s discoveries, and by judicious inquiry, combined with other
investigations which Ena herself had made, they knew practically
everything concerning her, her friends, and her movements.  The
preliminaries had taken fully three months, for prior to going to
Llandudno, there to assume the widow’s identity, Ena had been in secret
to New Galloway, and while staying at the Lochinvar Arms, at Dairy, she
had been able to gather many facts concerning the rich widow of
Carsphairn, a copy of whose birth and marriage-certificate she had
obtained from Somerset House.

After writing the telegrams, she took a sheet of notepaper and wrote to
Mr. Emery in Manchester, telling him that she had passed both doctors,
and asking him to hurry forward the policy.


"_My movements during the next fortnight or so are a little uncertain,"
she wrote, "but please always address me as above, care of my friend,
Mrs. Pollen. Please give my best regards to your dear wife, and accept
the same yourself .—Yours very sincerely,_ AUGUSTA MORRISON."


Three nights later, Ena left Euston in the sleeping-car for Glasgow,
arriving early next morning, and for a couple of days idled away the
time in the great hotel, the Central, eagerly awaiting a telegram.

At last it came.

The porter handed it to her as she returned from a walk.  She tore it
open, and when she read its contents, she went instantly pale.

The message was disconcerting, for instead of giving information
regarding the movements of the woman she had been impersonating, it
read:


"_Remain in Glasgow.  Am leaving to-night. Will be with you in morning.
Urgent_.—BERNARD."


What could have happened?  A hitch had apparently occurred in the
arrangements, which had been so thoroughly discussed and every detail
considered.

It was then six o’clock in the evening.  Boyne could not be there until
eight o’clock on the following morning.  She glanced bewildered around
the busy hall of the hotel, where men and women with piles of luggage
were constantly arriving and departing.

"Why is he not more explicit?" she asked herself in apprehension.

What could have happened? she wondered.  For yet another fourteen hours
she must remain in suspense.

Suddenly, however, she recollected that she could telephone to Lilla,
and she put through a call without delay.

Half an hour later she spoke to her friend over the wire, inquiring the
reason of Boyne’s journey north.

"My dear, I’m sorry," replied Lilla in her high-pitched voice, "but I
really cannot tell you over the ’phone.  It is some very important
business he wants to see you about."

"But am I not to go to Ardlui?" asked Ena.

"I don’t know.  Bernie wants to see you without delay—that’s all."

"But has anything happened?" she demanded eagerly.

"Yes—something—but I can’t tell you now. Bernie will explain.  He’ll be
with you in Glasgow early to-morrow morning."

"Is it anything very serious?"

"_I think it may be—very!_" was Lilla’s reply; and at that moment the
operator cut off communication with London, the six minutes allowed
having expired.




                              *CHAPTER V*

                       *CONTAINS A NOTE OF ALARM*


Ena Pollen was on the platform when the dusty night express from London
ran slowly into the Caledonian Station, at Glasgow.

Bernard Boyne, erect and smartly-dressed, stepped out quickly from the
sleeping-car, to be greeted by her almost immediately.

"What’s happened?" she demanded anxiously beneath her breath.

"I can’t tell you here, Ena.  Wait till we’re in the hotel," he replied.
She saw by his countenance that something was amiss.

Together they walked from the platform into the hotel, and having
ascended in the lift to her private sitting-room, the man flung himself
into a chair, and said:

"A very perilous situation has arisen regarding the Martin affair!"

"The Martin affair!" she gasped, instantly pale to the lips.  "I always
feared it.  That girl, Céline Tènot, had some suspicion, I believe."

"Exactly.  She was your maid, and you parted bad friends.  It was
injudicious."

"Where is she now, I wonder?"

"At her home in Melun, near Paris.  You must go at once to Paris, and
ask her to meet you," Boyne said.

"To Paris?" she cried in dismay.

"Yes; not a second must be lost.  Inquiries are on foot.  I discovered
the situation yesterday, quite by accident."

"Inquiries!" she cried.  "Who can be making inquiries?"

"Some friend of that girl—a Frenchman.  He has come over here to find
me."

"To find you!  But she only knew you under the name of Bennett!"

"Exactly.  In that is our salvation," he said, with a grin.  "But the
affair is distinctly serious unless we can make peace with Céline, and
at the same time make it worth her while to withdraw this inquiry. No
doubt she’s looking forward to a big reward for furnishing information."

"But why can’t we give her the reward—eh?" asked the shrewd, red-haired
woman quickly.

"That’s exactly my argument.  That is why you must leave this present
little matter, turn back to Céline, and make it right with her."

"How much do you think it will cost?"

Bernard Boyne shrugged his shoulders.

"Whatever it is, we must pay," he replied.  "We can’t afford for this
girl to remain an enemy—and yours especially."

"Of course not," Ena agreed.  "What is her address?"

Boyne took a slip of paper from his pocket-book and handed it to the
handsome woman.

"But what excuse can I possibly make for approaching her?" she asked
bewildered.

"Pretend you’ve come to Paris to offer to take her into your service
again," Boyne suggested.  "She will then meet you, and you can express
regret that you sent her away so suddenly, and offer to make
reparation—and all that."

"There was an object in sending her away so peremptorily.  You know what
it was, Bernie."

"I know, of course.  She might have discovered something then.  You
adopted the only course—but, unfortunately, it has turned out to have
been a most injudicious one, which may, if we are not very careful and
don’t act at once, lead to the exposure of a very nasty circumstance—the
affair of old Martin."

"I quite see," she said.  "I’ll go to Paris without delay."

"You’ll stay at the Bristol, as before, I suppose?"

"Yes.  I will ask her to come and see me there."

Boyne hesitated.

"No.  I don’t know whether it would not be better for you to go out to
Melun for the day and find her there," he queried.  "Remember, you must
handle the affair with the greatest delicacy.  You’ve practically got to
pay her for blackmail which she has not sought."

"That’s the difficulty.  And the sum must be equal, if not more, to that
which she and her French friend who has come over here to seek and
identify you hope to get out of it by their disclosures. Oh! yes," she
said, "I quite see it all."

"I admit that the situation which has arisen is full of peril, Ena,"
remarked the man seated before her, "but you are a clever woman, and
with the exercise of tact and cunning, in addition to the disbursement
of funds, we shall undoubtedly be able to wriggle out—as we always do."

"Let’s hope so," she said, with a sigh.  "But what about Ardlui and Mrs.
Morrison?"

"Your visit to Paris is more important at the moment.  You must lose no
time in getting there. Before I left London, I instructed my bank to
send five thousand pounds to you at the head office of the Credit
Lyonnais.  You will be able to draw at once when you get there, and it
will give you time to get more money if you deem it wise to pay any
bigger sum."

"Really, you leave nothing undone, Bernie.

"Not when danger arises, my dear Ena," he laughed.  "In the meantime,
I’ll have to remain very low.  That infernal Frenchman may be watching
Lilla with the idea that I might visit Pont Street. But I shan’t go near
her again till the danger is past."

"Then I’d better get away as soon as possible," she said.  "I can be in
London this evening, and cross to Paris by the night mail."

"Yes," he replied.  "Don’t waste an instant in getting in touch with
her.  Have a rest in Paris, and then go to Melun.  You can be there
to-morrow afternoon."

"Shall you go back to London with me?"

"No.  Better not be seen together," he said. "Let us be discreet.  You
can go by the ten o’clock express, which will just give you time to
cross London to Victoria and catch the boat train, and I’ll leave by the
next express, which goes at one. The less we are together at present the
better."

"I agree entirely," Ena said, with a sigh.  "But this affair will, I
see, be very difficult to adjust."

"Not if you keep your wits about you, Ena," he assured her.  "It isn’t
half so difficult as the arrangements you made with that pious old
fellow Fleming. Don’t you recollect how very near the wind we were all
sailing, and yet you took him in hand and convinced him of your
innocence."

"I was dealing with a man then," she remarked. "Now I have to deal with
a shrewd girl.  Besides, we don’t know who this inquisitive Frenchman
may be."

"You’ll soon discover all about him, no doubt. Just put on your
thinking-cap on the way over to Paris, and doubtless before you arrive,
you’ll hit upon some plan which will be just as successful as the
attitude you adopted towards old Daniel Fleming."  Then he added: "I
wish you’d order breakfast to be served up here, for I’m ravenously
hungry."

She rose, rang the bell, and ordered breakfast for two.

While it was being prepared, Boyne went along the corridor to wash,
while Ena retired to her room, and packed her trunk ready for her
departure south at ten o’clock.

Afterwards she saw the head porter and got him to secure her a place on
the train, and also in the restaurant-car, which is usually crowded.

They breakfasted _tête-à-tête_, after which she paid her bill, and at
ten o’clock left him standing upon the platform to idle away three hours
wandering about the crowded Glasgow streets before his departure at one
o’clock.

Next morning Ena Pollen took her déjeuner at half-past eleven in the
elegant table d’hôte room of the aristocratic Hôtel Bristol, in Paris, a
big white salon which overlooks the Place Vendôme.  Afterwards she took
a taxi to the Gare de Lyon, whence she travelled to Melun, thirty miles
distant—that town from which come the Brie cheeses.  On arrival, she
inquired for the Boulevard Victor Hugo, and an open cab drove her away
across the little island in the Seine, past the old church of St.
Aspais, to a point where, in the boulevard, stood a monument to the
great savant, Pasteur.  The cab pulled up opposite the monument, where,
alighting, Ena found herself before a large four-storied house, the
ground floor of which was occupied by a tobacconist and a shop which
sold comestibles.

Of the old bespectacled concierge who was cobbling boots in the entrance
she inquired for Madame Ténot, and his gruff reply was:

"Au troisième, à gauche."

So, mounting the stone steps, she found the left-hand door on the third
floor, and rang the bell.

The door opened, and the good-looking young French girl, who had been
her maid for six months at Brighton, confronted her.

"Well, Céline!" exclaimed Ena merrily in French.  "You didn’t expect to
see me—did you?"

The girl stood aghast and open-mouthed.

"_Dieu_!  Madame!" she gasped.  "I—I certainly did not!"

"Well, I chanced to be passing through Melun, and I thought I would call
upon you."

The girl stood in the doorway, apparently disinclined to invite her late
mistress into the small flat which she and her mother, the widow of the
local postmaster, occupied.

"I wrote to you, Madame, two months ago—but you never replied!"

"I have never had any letter from you, Céline," Ena declared.  "But may
I not come in for a moment to have a chat with you?  Ah! but perhaps you
have visitors?"

"No, Madame," was her reply; "I am alone.  My mother went to my aunt’s,
at Provins, this morning."

"Good!  Then I may come in?"

"If Madame wishes," she said, still with some reluctance, and led the
way to a small, rather sparsely-furnished salon, which overlooked the
cobbled street below.

"I have been staying a few days at Marlotte, and am now on my way back
to Paris," said her former mistress, seating herself in a chair.
"Besides, I wanted particularly to see you, Céline, for several reasons.
I feel somehow that—well, that I have not treated you as I really ought
to have done.  I dismissed you abruptly after poor Mr. Martin’s death.
But I was so very upset—I was not actually myself. I know I ought not to
have done what I did.  Please forgive me."

The dark-haired, good-looking young girl in well-cut black skirt and
cotton blouse merely shrugged her well-shaped shoulders.  She uttered no
word. Indeed, she had not yet recovered from her surprise at the sudden
appearance of her former mistress.

"I don’t know what you must have thought of me, Céline," Ena added.

"I thought many things of Madame," the girl admitted.

"Naturally.  You must have thought me most ungrateful, after all the
services you had rendered me, often without reward," remarked the
red-haired widow.  "But I assure you that I am not ungrateful."

The girl only smiled.  She recollected the manner in which she had been
suddenly dismissed and sent out from the house at five minutes’
notice—and for no fault that she could discover.

She recollected how Madame had two friends, an old man named Martin, and
a younger one named Bennett.  Mr. Martin, who was a wealthy bachelor,
living in Chiswick, had suddenly contracted typhoid and died.  Madame,
who had been most grief-stricken, received a visit from Bennett next
day, and she had overheard the pair in conversation in the drawing-room.
That conversation had been of a most curious character, but its true
import had never occurred to her at the time.  Next day her mistress had
summarily dismissed her, giving her a month’s wages, and requesting her
to leave instantly.  This she had done, and returned to her home in
France.

It was not until nearly two months later that she realised the grim
truth.  The strange words of Mr. Bennett, as she recollected them,
utterly staggered her.

And now this woman’s sudden appearance had filled her with curiosity.

"Your action in sending me away in the manner you did certainly did not
betray any sense of gratitude, Madame," the girl said quite coolly.

"No, no, Céline!  Do forgive me," she urged. "Poor Mr. Martin was a very
old friend, and his death greatly perturbed me."

Céline, however, remembered how to the man Bennett she had in confidence
expressed the greatest satisfaction that the old man had died.

Ena was, of course, entirely ignorant of how much of that conversation
the girl had overheard or understood.  Indeed, she had not been quite
certain it the girl had heard anything.  She had dismissed her for quite
another reason—in order that, if inquiries were made, a friendship
between Bernard Boyne and the dead man could not be established. Céline
was the only person aware of it, hence she constituted a grave danger.

Ena used all her charm and her powers of persuasion over the girl, and
as she sat chatting with her, she recalled many incidents while the girl
was in her service.

"Now look here, Céline," she said at last.  "I’ll be perfectly frank
with you.  I’ve come to ask you if you’ll let bygones be bygones, and
return to me?"

The girl, much surprised at the offer, hesitated for a moment, and then
replied:

"I regret, Madame, it is quite impossible.  I cannot return to London."

That was exactly the reply for which the clever woman wished.

"Why not, pray?" she asked the girl in a tone of regret.

"Because the man to whom I am betrothed would not allow me," was her
reply.

"Oh!  Then you are engaged, Céline!  Happy girl!  I congratulate you
most heartily.  And who is the happy man?"

"Henri Galtier."

"And what is his profession?"

"He is employed in the Mairie, at Chantilly," was her reply.

"He is at Chantilly now?"

The girl again hesitated.  Then she replied:

"No—he is in London."

Ena held her breath.  It was evidently the man to whom Céline was
engaged who was in London in search of Richard Bennett.  Next second she
recovered from her excitement at her success in making the discovery.

"In London?  Is he employed there?"

"Yes—temporarily," she answered.

"And when are you to marry?"

"In December—we hope."

"Ah!  Then, much as I regret it, I quite understand that you cannot
return to me, Céline," exclaimed Ena.  "Does Monsieur Galtier speak
English?"

"Yes; very well, Madame.  He was born in London, and lived there until
he was eighteen."

"Oh, well, of course he would speak our language excellently.  But
though you will no doubt both be happy in the near future, I myself am
not at all satisfied with my own conduct towards you.  I’ve treated you
badly; I feel that in some way or other I ought to put myself right with
you.  I never like a servant to speak badly of me."

"I do not speak badly of Madame," responded the girl, wondering whether,
after all, her late mistress suspected her of overhearing that startling
conversation late on the night following Mr. Martin’s death.

Ena hesitated a moment, and then determined to act boldly, and said:

"Now Céline, let us be quite frank.  I happen know that you have said
some very nasty and things about me—wicked things, indeed.  I heard that
you have made a very serious allegation against me, and——"

"But, Madame!  I——!" cried the girl, interrupting.

"Now you cannot deny it, Céline.  You have said those things because you
have sadly misjudged me. But I know it is my own fault, and the reason I
am here in Melun is to put matters right—and to show you that I bear you
no ill will."

"I know that, Madame," she said.  "Your words are sufficient proof of
it."

"But, on the contrary, you are antagonistic—bitterly antagonistic
towards myself—and"—she added slowly, looking straight into the girl’s
face—"and also towards Mr. Bennett."

She started, looking sharply at the red-haired widow.

"Yes, I repeat it, Céline!" Ena went on.  "You see I know the truth!
Yet your feeling against Mr. Bennett does not matter to him in the
least, because he died a month ago—of influenza."

"Mr. Bennett dead!" echoed the girl, standing aghast, for, as a matter
of fact, her lover, Henri Galtier, was searching for him in London.

"Yes; the poor fellow went to Birmingham on business, took influenza,
and died there a week later. Is it not sad?"

"Very," the girl agreed, staring straight before her.  If Bennett were
dead, then of what avail would be all her efforts to probe the mystery
of Mr. Martin’s death?

"Mr. Bennett was always generous to you—was he not?" asked Ena.

"Always," replied the girl.  "I am very sorry he is dead!"

"Well, he is, and therefore whatever hatred you may have conceived for
him is of no importance," she replied; and then adroitly turned the
conversation to another subject.

At length, however, she returned to Céline’s approaching marriage,
expressing a hope that she would be very comfortably off.

"Has Monsieur Galtier money?"

"Not very much," she replied.  "But we shall be quite happy
nevertheless."

"Of course.  Money does not always mean happiness.  I am glad you view
matters in that light, Céline," Ena said.  "Yet, on the other hand,
money contributes to luxury, and luxury, in most cases, means
happiness."

"True, Madame, I believe so," replied the ex-maid, whose thoughts were,
however, filled by what her late mistress had, apparently in all
innocence, told her, namely, that Bennett, the man her lover meant to
hunt down, was dead.  She had no reason to doubt what Mrs. Pollen had
said, for only on the previous day Henri had written her to say that his
inquiries had had no result, and that he believed that the man Bennett
must be dead, as he could obtain no trace of him.  The reward which they
hoped to gain from the insurance company when they had established
Bennett’s identity had therefore vanished into air.

Céline Tènot sat bewildered and disappointed, and the clever woman
seated with her read her thoughts as she would have read a book.

"Now let’s come to the point," she said, after a pause.  "I want to make
amends, Céline.  I want you to think better of me, and for that purpose,
I want to render you some little service, now that you are to marry.  My
desire is to remove from your mind any antagonism you may entertain
towards myself.  The best way in which I can do that is to make you a
little wedding-present—something useful."

"Oh, Madame!" she cried.  "I—I really want nothing!"

"But I insist, Céline!" replied the wealthy widow.  "Poor Mr. Bennett
remarked that I was very harsh in dismissing you.  At the time I did not
think so, but I now realise that the fault was on my side, therefore I
shall give you thirty thousand francs to put by as a little nest-egg."

"But, Madame, I could not really accept it!" declared the girl,
exhibiting her palms.

"I have an account at the Credit Lyonnais, and to-morrow I shall place
the thirty thousand francs there in your name," said Mrs. Pollen.  "I
shall want you to come to Paris—to the Hôtel Bristol—so that we can go
to the bank together, and you can there open an account and give them
your signature.  If I were you, I would say nothing whatever to Monsieur
Galtier about it—or even tell him of my visit. Just keep the money for
yourself—as a little present from one who, after all, greatly valued
your services."

Though the girl pretended to be entirely against receiving any present,
yet she realised that possession of such a respectable sum would be able
to assist in preparing her new home.  After all, it was most generous of
Madame.  Yes! she had sadly misjudged her, she reflected, after Mrs.
Pollen had left. So, adopting her late mistress’s suggestion, she
refrained from telling her mother of the unexpected visit.

That night she wrote to Galtier, who was staying in a boarding-house in
Bloomsbury, telling him that she had heard of the death of Bennett, but
not revealing the source of her information.  She therefore suggested
that he should spend no further time or money on the inquiry, but return
at once to his duties at Chantilly.

Next day Céline called at the Hôtel Bristol, when mistress and maid went
together to the bank in the Boulevard des Italians, and there the girl
received the handsome present.  After this, she returned much gratified
to Melun, while her late mistress left Paris that same night for London.

She had cleverly gained the girl’s complete confidence, thereby
preventing any further inquiry into the curious circumstances attending
the death of Mr. Martin, of Chiswick.




                              *CHAPTER VI*

                    *THE LOCKED ROOM IN HAMMERSMITH*


"I’ll go in first, and see if Mr. Boyne is at home," said Marigold
Ramsay excitedly to her companion, Gerald Durrant, as they turned into
Bridge Place, Hammersmith, about half-past nine one night ten days
later.

"Yes.  If he’s there I won’t come in.  We’ll wait till another evening,"
the young fellow said.

"If he’s out, I shall tell auntie that you are here, and ask whether I
can bring you in," said the girl, and leaving him idling at the corner,
she hurried to the house, and went down the basement steps.

What Marigold had told Durrant had aroused his curiosity concerning the
occupier of that creeper-covered house, and after much deliberation, he
had, after his return from Newcastle, decided to make an investigation.
Certainly the exterior of the place presented nothing unusual, for the
house was exactly the same as its neighbours, save for the dusty creeper
which hung untrimmed around the windows.  Yet the fact that the man who
lived there disguised himself when he went to a locked attic was
certainly mysterious.

After a few moments, the girl emerged, and hastening towards him, said
eagerly:

"It’s all right.  Mr. Boyne is not expected home before half-past ten.
I’ll introduce you to my aunt, and before she goes to bed—as she always
does at ten—I’ll manage to unbolt the basement door.  Then we’ll go out,
and return without her being any the wiser."

"Excellent!" he replied, as they walked to the front door which Marigold
had left ajar.

In the hall Mrs. Felmore met them fussily.

"Very pleased to know you, Mr. Durrant," declared the deaf old lady
without, of course, having heard Gerald’s greeting as he shook her hand.

"My aunt is very deaf," the girl said.  "She can read what I say by my
lips, but it will be useless for you to try and converse with her.  Mr.
Boyne can just manage to do so."

"Then I’ll do the same," said Gerald, glancing around the front parlour,
into which Mrs. Felmore had then ushered them.

He noted the cheapness of the furniture, combined with scrupulous
cleanliness, as Mrs. Felmore, turning to him, said in that loud voice in
which the deaf usually converse:

"I hope you’ll make yourself at home, Mr. Durrant! Any friend of my
niece is welcome here. Would you like a cup of tea?  I know Marigold
will have one."

He thanked her, and she went below to prepare it, leaving the pair in
Mr. Boyne’s room.

Quickly Gerald rose, remarking:

"There’s nothing very curious about this, is there?"  He made a critical
tour of the apartment.

He noticed the cupboards on either side of the fireplace, and on trying
the handle of one, found it locked.

"He keeps his insurance papers in there," said his companion in a low
voice.

"What?  More insurance papers!  I thought he kept them in the locked
room upstairs!" exclaimed Durrant.

"So he does, but there are some others here," she said.  "This cupboard
is open.  He keeps Nibby here."

"Nibby—who’s that?"

"Here he is!" replied the girl, opening the door and taking out the cage
containing the tame rat.

"Is that his pet?" asked the young man, bending to examine the little
animal, whose beady eyes regarded him with considerable apprehension.

"Yes.  Nibby always feeds off his master’s plate after he has finished.
A sweet little thing, isn’t he?"

Durrant agreed, but the possession of such a pet showed him that Boyne
was a man of some eccentricity.

"Would you like to see the door of the locked room?" Marigold asked.
"If so, I’ll go downstairs and keep my aunt there while you run up to
the top floor."

"Excellent!  I’ve brought my electric torch with me."

So while Marigold descended to the kitchen to talk to her aunt and help
to prepare the cup of tea, young Durrant switched on his light and
rushed up the stairs, half fearing lest the front door should suddenly
open and Boyne appear.

Arrived at the top of the stairs, he was confronted by the door which
led into the attic, a stout one of oak, he noted.  The doors of all the
other rooms were of deal, painted and grained.  This, however, was
heavy, and of oiled oak.

After careful examination, he came to the conclusion that the particular
door was much more modern than the others, and the circular brass
keyhole of the Yale latch gave it the appearance of the front door of a
house, rather than that of a room.

Some strange secret, no doubt, lay behind that locked door.

If it had an occupant he would, in all probability, have a light,
therefore he switched off his torch and tried to discover any ray of
light shining through a crack.

Carefully he went around the whole door, until he drew away the mat
before it, when, sure enough, _a light showed from within_!

With bated breath he listened.  He could, however, distinguish no sound,
even though he placed his ear to the floor.  Then, raising himself, much
gratified at his discovery, but nevertheless increasingly puzzled, he
recollected that the occupant, whoever he might be, would no doubt have
heard his footsteps and was now remaining quiet, little dreaming that
his light had betrayed his presence.

Suddenly, as he stood there straining his ears, he heard the sound of
low ticking—the ticking of a clock.  Again he bent his ear to the bottom
of the door, and then at once established the fact that the clock was
inside that locked room.

He heard Marigold coming up from below, and at once slipped down again,
meeting her in the hall. When within the sitting-room, he said to her in
a low, tense voice:

"There’s somebody in that room!  There’s a light there!"

"Your first surmise is correct then, Gerald!" she exclaimed.  "Who can
it possibly be?"

"Ah! that we have to discover!" he said. "Let’s be patient.  I wonder,
however, who can be living up there in secret.  At any rate, he has both
light and the time of day.  In this weather he only wants food and
water."

"But it’s extraordinary that somebody should live here without my aunt’s
knowledge."

"It is.  But there are dozens of people hidden away in London—people
believed by their friends to be dead, or abroad," he said.  "In a great
city like ours it is quite easy to hide, providing that one is concealed
by a trusty friend.  I wonder," he added, "how many people whose
obituary notices have appeared in the papers are living in secret in
upstairs rooms or down in cellars, dragging out their lives in
self-imprisonment, yet buoyed by the hope that one day they may, when
changed in appearance by years, reappear among their fellow-men and
laugh up their sleeves because nobody recognises them."

"Really, do you honestly think that Mr. Boyne is concealing somebody
here?" asked the girl anxiously.

"Everything points to it—a light in the room, and a clock."

"But why should he pay visits to him in disguise?"

"Ah!  That’s quite another matter.  We have yet to discover the motive.
And we can only do so by watching vigilantly."

Then he described to her how he had pulled away the mat from before the
door, and how the light had been revealed.

"Well," exclaimed the girl.  "I’m greatly puzzled over the whole affair.
May I not be frank with auntie, and tell her what we suspect?"

"By no means," he answered.  "It would be most injudicious.  It would
only alarm her, and upset any plans we may make."

"I wonder who can really be up there?"

"Some very close friend of this Mr. Boyne, without a doubt.  He must
have some strange motive for concealing him."

"But if he’s a friend, why does he disguise himself when he visits him?"
queried the girl.

"Yes, that’s just the point.  There’s something very curious about the
whole affair," declared the young man.  "When your aunt is in bed, he
goes up, evidently to take his friend food and drink.  And yet he puts
on a gown which makes him look—as you have described it—like a Spanish
Inquisitor."

"Only all in white.  Why white?"

"Can it be that the person upstairs is not self-imprisoned?" suggested
the young man, as a sudden thought occurred to him.  "Can it be that
whoever is confined there is without proper mental balance? Solitary
confinement produces madness, remember. In Italy, where solitary
confinement for life takes the place of capital punishment for murder,
the criminal always ends his days as a lunatic—driven mad by that
terrible loneliness which even a dog could not suffer."

"That’s certainly quite another point of view," she remarked.  "I hadn’t
thought of that!"

"Well, it is one to bear in mind," he said.  "Your aunt, a most worthy
lady, is devoted to Mr. Boyne and serves him well.  For the present let
her hold him in high esteem.  In the meantime we will watch, and
endeavour to solve this mystery, Marigold."

Hardly had the words left his mouth, when the old lady entered the room
with two cups of tea upon a brass tray.

"There!" she said, addressing Marigold.  "I know you like a cup o’ tea
at this hour of the evening, and I hope, Mr. Durrant, it will be to your
liking.  Mr. Boyne often has a cup out of my teapot if he gets home
before I go to bed."

"It’s awfully good of you, auntie," the girl declared.  "I know Mr.
Durrant highly appreciates it."

"That’s all right," laughed the old lady.  "I’ll soon be going to bed.
It’s near ten o’clock now."

Gerald glanced at his wrist-watch and saw that it was just ten.

Then, when Mrs. Felmore had gone, he said to the girl:

"Hadn’t we better be going?  Boyne will be back soon."

"Right," she said, drinking her tea daintily. "I’ll go down and unfasten
the basement door. Auntie has no doubt bolted it.  Then, when she’s gone
to bed, we can get in again."

And a few moments later she left him. Five minutes later she reappeared,
followed by Mrs. Felmore.

"Auntie is going to bed," she said.  "We must be off, Gerald."

The young man rose, smiled pleasantly, and shook the deaf woman’s hand
in farewell.  Then, a few moments later, the young pair descended the
front steps and left the house.

About ten minutes later, however, they returned to it, slipping
unobserved down the area steps. Marigold turned the handle of the door,
and in the darkness they both entered the kitchen, where they waited
eagerly, without lighting the gas, and conversing only in whispers.
Mrs. Felmore had gone upstairs, and stone-deaf that she was, would hear
no noise below.

She had left the gas turned low in the hall in readiness for her
master’s return, retiring fully satisfied with the appearance and
manners of the young man to whom her niece had that night introduced
her.

The pair, waiting below in the darkness, remained eagerly on the alert.

It was a quarter past ten, and Bernard Boyne might return at any time.
But each minute which passed seemed an hour, so anxious and puzzled were
they, and at every noise they held their breath and waited.

At last footsteps sounded outside—somebody ascending the stone steps
above—and next second there was a click as a key was put into the latch
of the front door.

"Here he is—at last!" the girl whispered. "Now we’ll watch!"

They watched together—and by doing so learned some very strange facts.




                             *CHAPTER VII*

                    *WHAT HAPPENED IN BRIDGE PLACE*


Together Marigold and her lover crept up the kitchen stairs in the
darkness, and heard Mr. Boyne moving about in the front parlour.

They heard him yawn as he threw off his coat, for the night was sultry,
and there were sounds which showed that he was eating his evening meal.
They heard the loud fizzing as he unscrewed a bottle of beer, and the
noise of a knife and fork upon the plate, for he had left the door open.

After about ten minutes, for he seemed to eat his supper hurriedly, he
flung off his boots, and in his socks crept upstairs to Mrs. Felmore’s
door, apparently to satisfy himself that she had retired.

"Hadn’t we better get down," suggested Durrant, in a low whisper.  "He
may take it into his head to come down and search here."

"No, he never comes into the kitchen.  So long as auntie has gone to bed
he does not mind.  Let’s wait and watch."

This they did.  After a few moments Mr. Boyne came down again and walked
along the narrow passage back to his room, satisfied that all was quiet.

He had removed his boots, apparently for some other purpose than to be
able to move about in silence, for however heavily he trod his old
housekeeper would not hear him.  Perhaps, however, he feared that her
sense of feeling had been so highly developed that she might have
detected the vibration caused by his footsteps.

He remained for nearly a quarter of an hour in his room, while the pair
stood breathless in the darkness.

"This is just what happened when I last watched," the girl whispered
into the ear of the young man who held her arm affectionately in the
darkness.

"I wonder when he’ll come out," remarked young Durrant, highly excited
over the curious adventure. That something remarkable was afoot was
proved by the man’s action in ascending the stairs to ascertain that his
housekeeper had retired and would not disturb his movements.

At last they heard a soft movement, and next moment, peering over the
banisters, they saw a tall, ghostly form clad from top to toe in a long,
loose white gown advancing to the stairs.

In one hand he carried a glass jug filled with water, and in the other a
plate piled with bread and other food.

"See!" whispered Durrant.  "There is somebody upstairs in that locked
room.  He’s carrying food and water to his prisoner!"

"Hush!" the girl said softly, and in excitement. "He may hear you!  He’s
very quick!"

But the strange occupant of the house had already ascended out of view,
and a few moments later they heard a click as he put his key into the
Yale lock of the closed room.

They distinctly heard him open the door, and as distinctly heard him
close it again.

"You wait here, Marigold," the young fellow whispered.  "I’ll creep up
and see what I can. Perhaps I shall hear them talking."

"Yes, do," she said.  "But take the greatest care. Mind the stairs don’t
creak.  He’ll be alarmed in a moment."

"Leave that to me," he replied, and next moment he left her side, and
slowly ascending the few remaining steps, gained the hall, and then the
foot of the stairs which led to the first floor.

Though he had not removed his shoes he made no noise, for he trod slowly
and cautiously, never lifting one foot until the other was down
silently. Thus very slowly he followed the mysterious man in white.

Hardly had he ascended four steps when an electric bell sounded,
apparently in the locked room. He halted, and in an instant decided to
retreat. Scarcely before Marigold had realised that the alarm had
sounded, he sprang down, rejoined her, and whispering:

"Quick!  Let’s get down!" he descended into the dark kitchen.  There,
clutching her by the arm, he felt his way to the door.

Without pausing to listen to the effect of the alarm upon the man
upstairs, the pair passed out into the area, closed the door after them,
hurried up the steps, and out into the street.

"Let’s get away before he sees us!" Gerald urged, and they both ran
light-footed along to the corner into King Street, where they escaped.

"There’s a trap in that house!" Durrant declared, as after hurrying
breathlessly they walked along in the direction of the Broadway Station.
"Upon one of those stairs is an electrical contact which gives to the
locked room the alarm of an intruder.  He switched it on from his room
below!"

"Yes!" said the girl.  "I feel sure there is."

"And that shows that there’s something very wrong somewhere.  Mr. Boyne
has, in secret, a guest who is in hiding upstairs.  He takes him food
and water every night—as we have seen with our own eyes.  And, further,
he had taken the precaution of installing an electrical alarm in case
anyone followed him upstairs while he was there with his friend."

"True," said the girl.  "But why does he disguise himself whenever he
goes up there?"

"That we cannot yet tell.  At present it is a complete mystery."

"And a most uncanny one!"

"It is, I can’t see the motive of that disguise."

"Is it not weird?  He was covered from head to foot in that white cloak,
and only those two slits for his eyes."

"Yes.  And he moved as silently as a shadow."

So the pair conversed until they reached the Broadway Station, and left
by the Underground a few moments later.

What they had witnessed that night had increased the mystery a
hundredfold.

In the meantime Bernard Boyne had been startled by the ringing of the
bell, yet in the full knowledge that Mrs. Felmore could hear nothing.
That secret alarm had, as a matter of fact, been installed with his own
hands about two months before, with its switch concealed in the upstairs
room.

On hearing it, he instantly flung off his white cloak and dashed
headlong down the stairs.

In the hall, however, he halted and burst out laughing.

"Fool you are, Bernard!" he exclaimed aloud to himself.  "Yes, you are
getting more nervous every day!"

The reason of this was because close to the front door sat Mrs.
Felmore’s black cat, waiting to be let out for the night.

"Ah, pussy!" he exclaimed.  "So it is you who ran silently down the
stairs and set off the gong, eh?"

And, opening the door, he let out the cat, saying:

"Out you go, Jimmy, and don’t do it again."

Then he reascended the stairs to the locked room, perfectly satisfied
with the solution of what a few moments before had caused him very
considerable alarm.

No intruder would be tolerated in that dingy house—the house of great
mystery.

He carried in his hand a small bottle of meat extract which he had taken
from the sideboard in the parlour, and was fully satisfied that it was
the cat who had set off the alarm.

As Gerald and Marigold sat side by side in the train, they could not
converse because of the noise, but at Earl’s Court, where they changed,
the girl for Wimbledon Park and her lover bound in the opposite
direction, Marigold halted on the platform, and said:

"I feel worried about auntie, Gerald.  There’s something wrong in that
house.  Don’t you think so?"

"Frankly, I do," was the young man’s reply. "That he sets an alarm when
he visits the mysterious person concealed in that locked room is in
itself a most remarkable feature of the affair, which is one we must
certainly probe to the bottom."

"But Mr. Boyne is such a nice man.  Everyone speaks so well of him.  In
all Hammersmith I don’t think he has a single enemy, save those who are
jealous of his local popularity.  And there are always such."

"As I’ve said before, Marigold, the men who are deep schemers always
take care to establish a high reputation locally.  This Mr. Boyne has,
no doubt, done so with some ulterior motive."

"And that motive we mean to find out," said the girl decisively.

"We will," he said, in a hard voice.  "I feel confident that we are on
the track of some very sensational affair."

"Who can be the person who is hiding?"

"Ah! that remains to be seen.  It is evidently someone who dare not show
his face—not only in the light of day, but even at night."

"But why does Mr. Boyne wear that hideous robe with slits for the eyes?"
asked Marigold, bewildered, as they walked to the stairs.

"At present, I can’t imagine.  But we shall know the truth very soon,
never fear," the young man replied.  And then, lifting his hat politely,
he shook her hand, and they parted after a very adventurous evening.

As Gerald Durrant travelled back to his home, he reflected deeply upon
the whole affair.  Though he had not dared to mention the fact to
Marigold, he was more deeply in love with her than ever.  She was the
most dainty and most beautiful girl he had ever met.  She was chic to
the finger-tips, and among the many girl clerks he met daily she was
outstanding on account of her refinement, her modesty, and the sweet
expression always upon her countenance.

Yet the problem which she had put forward to him was certainly an
inscrutable one.  Boyne, the highly respectable, hard-working insurance
agent, lived in that dingy and rather stuffy house surrounded by meagre
comfort which, in itself, betokened modest means.  For every penny
Bernard Boyne gained he worked very hard.  Insurance agency is not
highly-paid, for everything is nowadays cut to a minimum, while since
the war the cost of living has soared.

Nevertheless, as he sat in the train taking him westward, he examined
the facts.  Boyne employed as housekeeper a woman who was stone-deaf.
Why? Was it because the person confined behind that stout door upstairs
sometimes shouted and made noises which would have attracted the
attention of any person who possessed the sense of hearing?

That this was so he was convinced.  Had it not been proved by Boyne
carrying food to the mysterious person who was his captive, or who
remained in voluntary concealment?

If the latter, why did he disguise himself each time he paid him a
visit?

No.  Somebody was held there captive against his will, and the reason of
the wearing of that cloak was in order that the captor should remain
unknown and unidentified.  Truly, there was an element of sensationalism
in the whole affair!

He was, however, determined to get to the bottom of it.  Marigold had,
in her perplexity, consulted him, and he had given his aid.  Now, having
witnessed what he had, he meant to carry the affair through, and solve
the mystery of Bernard Boyne and his locked room in Hammersmith.

It occurred to him that perhaps by watching Boyne’s movements he might
learn something of interest.  The unfortunate part of it was that in his
position he was engaged all day, and could never have any time to devote
to the affair till six or seven o’clock.  Nevertheless, he had made a
firm resolve to discover the reason of that locked room, and the
identity of the person concealed within.

Supposing the person to be some relative who was insane, or whose
personal appearance was too horrible to be seen in public—and there are
all sorts of human monstrosities living in concealment in London—then
there could be no reason why Boyne should hide his face when visiting
him.  No.  Somebody was held there, a prisoner in solitary confinement.

He recollected the heavy door, and the light beneath.  Did they not tell
their own tale?

"London contains many mysteries of crime," he said to himself as he
alighted at the station and strolled home.  "And here is one, I feel
sure.  Boyne is playing some clever game.  Perhaps he seeks to inherit
property belonging to the person whom he holds in captivity, and whose
death may indeed have been registered!"

Such a case—and more than one—was on record. Cases of people presumed by
the law to be dead, yet they were still alive, held in confinement by
those who benefited by their money.

Durrant, who had read deeply of the mysteries of crime, recollected the
case of Mrs. Marvin, of Hounslow; of George Charles Pepper, of Richmond;
or Doctor Heaton, of Curzon Street; the celebrated case of the sisters
Tredgold, and others, all of whom were concerned in the holding in
bondage of those whose fortunes they secured.

His inclination led him to go direct to Scotland Yard, and reveal what
he had heard and seen, but Marigold had urged him to refrain from doing
so until they had investigated further.  She held Mr. Boyne in such high
esteem, and her aunt held such a comfortable post, that she was most
reluctant to put any suspicions before the police.  It was in accordance
with the girl’s wishes that he did not go straight to the Criminal
Investigation Department. Yet he knew too well that the police, who
discover so many "mare’s nests" daily, are slow to move until a tragedy
occurs.  And then it is often too late, for the perpetrators of the
crime have vanished, either abroad, or into one or other of the criminal
bolt-holes which are ever open to those who know.

The public never realise that in the great underworld of London there
are people who make a living—and a very good one, too—by successfully
concealing for weeks, months, nay, years, those for whom the emissaries
of Scotland Yard are in search. The clever criminal knows of these
burrows where he can live quite cosily, and surrounded by comforts,
defying all police inquiries until the hue and cry has died down, and
then as a stoker-fireman, or in some menial capacity, he gets abroad a
free man—free to enjoy the proceeds of his crimes.

At first Gerald Durrant had suspected Bernard Boyne to be one of those
obliging persons who offer safe asylum to criminals, but the wearing of
that ghostly cloak by the owner of the house dispelled any such theory.

No.  As he entered the house, after that exciting evening, he was firmly
convinced that Boyne held somebody—man or woman—in captivity.

And he intended, at all hazards, to learn the truth.




                             *CHAPTER VIII*

                            *ON LOCH LOMOND*


A bright brilliant day on glorious Loch Lomond, which, with its wooded
islands, is one of the most picturesque of all the Scottish lakes.

The grey little steamer, which that morning had left Balloch Pier at the
southern end of the loch, was slowly threading its way through the green
islets in the afternoon sunshine.  Crowded as it always is in fine
weather with visitors from the south, all full of admiration as at every
turn there came into view fresh aspects of the woods and mountains
around Ben Lomond, standing high and majestic, Ben Vane, Ben Vorlick,
the twin peaks of Ben Cruachan, and the tent-shaped Ben More.

The silent grandeur of the loch, where in the deep waters, smooth as
glass, the heron fishes undisturbed, is always impressive.  Even on that
unusually clear autumn day—for mists and rains are more often than not
drifting up and down that twenty-five miles or so of picturesque water,
which is sometimes as wide as five miles—those who had come up from
Edinburgh or Glasgow to make the trip, stood open-mouthed at the
ever-changing scene as the steamer wended its way up the loch after
leaving the remote little village of Luss.

Among those on board, seated in a deck-chair and enjoying the beautiful
afternoon, was a well-dressed woman of middle-age, with auburn hair, and
rather sad-faced, but very well preserved.  Once or twice her maid, a
short, stout little Scotchwoman, whose speech was that of a Glaswegian,
came to wait upon her, afterwards retiring to another part of the boat.

The lady’s eyes were fixed upon the gorgeous panorama.  Beside her chair
was a well-worn dressing-bag in dark-green cover, which showed that she
was not a mere day traveller, but had come to Loch Lomond to stay at one
of the unpretentious lakeside hotels, of which there are several at
Tarbet and at Inversnaid.  Though she was greatly enjoying the scenery,
it was not in the least fresh to her.  Indeed, Mrs. Morrison, of
Carsphairn, was an annual visitor to Loch Lomond, staying a fortnight
each year at the little hotel at Ardlui, a spot which her late husband
had loved so well.

Though an extremely wealthy man, the summer attractions of Harrogate,
Dinard, Aix, or Ostend, had never appealed to him.  Bluff and hearty, he
loved Loch Lomond in the days of his prosperity just as when, in his
youth, he used to save his coppers to enable him to have a one-day trip
from Glasgow each summer—red-letter days in his otherwise grey workaday
life.

It had, indeed, been in his mind to build a fine summer residence on the
shore of the loch at Ardlui, and he had actually bought the site—one
that gave a magnificent view of Ben Lomond and a wide-reaching expanse
of the lake—when a sudden illness cut him off, and his wife was left to
mourn his loss.

Augusta Morrison was thinking of the last occasion when she and her
devoted husband had come for the annual fortnight at Ardlui, and of how
daily they walked to the site on the mountain-side where their new home
was to be.

That was four years ago.  Yet each year she never failed to pay her
pilgrimage to the spot which they both so loved.

A young couple, evidently Londoners, seated beside her, had been reading
aloud from a guide book the legend of the rocky Craig Royston, where
there is a cave known locally as "Rob Roy’s Prison," and then, full of
admiration, had turned to the splendid view afforded of the mountains
around Arrochar.

Just then the steamer slackened, and after some shouting from the
captain, was moored to the pier at Inversnaid, the little loch-side
village with its wooded mountains beyond.  There most of the passengers
left the boat to cross by coach or motor that ridge which lies between
Loch Lomond and Loch Katrine, Inversnaid being one of the points of
departure from Loch Lomond to the Trossachs. Therefore, when the boat
went on to the head of the loch at Ardlui, there remained but few
passengers.

At last the steamer drew up at the quaint little landing-stage, the
postal official brought out the last bag of mail for delivery, and, Mrs.
Morrison’s maid collecting up all their belongings, they both waited
until the paddles had ceased to revolve.

Scarcely had the widow risen from her chair, when a big, burly Scot
presented himself, and, touching his cap, respectfully bade the lady
welcome.

"Ah! so you’re here still, McIntyre!" remarked the widow pleasantly.

"Yes, Mistress Morrison, David McIntyre never leaves Ardlui," laughed
the man, who acted as porter, boots, and general factotum to the
Tillychewan Arms Hotel.

Mistress and maid walked ashore, and were very soon at the little hotel
facing the loch, a very cosy, unpretentious place, where one could get
excellent food, and go mountaineering and fishing to one’s heart’s
content.

On the threshold Mrs. Morrison was greeted enthusiastically by the
proprietor’s wife, a stout, homely woman, and very soon the widow from
Kirkcudbrightshire and her maid were installed in the rooms she annually
occupied, both of which gave magnificent views of water and mountains.

At Ardlui the daily steamer waits for an hour and a half, and then
returns to Balloch, where the express for Glasgow is waiting.
Therefore, when the siren sounded and the boat left on its return
journey, the little place relapsed into its lethargy of rural solitude
and remoteness from the stress of the southern world.

The hotel, half covered with creeper, stood in its well-kept garden,
which ran down to the lake.  It was not quite full of visitors.  The
guests, however, were all of the better class, mostly Glasgow merchants
and their wives, with a couple of families from London, and the usual
youthful, well-dressed idler which one finds in every hotel the world
over.

At dinner, as Mrs. Morrison sat alone in a corner by the window
overlooking the loch, now crimson in the sunset, she glanced around, but
none of her fellow-visitors appeared to be very interesting.  The only
person who attracted her was one woman who, seated alone, was apparently
taking no interest in anyone, for she had propped up before her the
_Glasgow Herald_, which had just arrived by the steamer, and was
absorbed in it.

Augusta Morrison raised her eyes again, and saw that the woman was
exceedingly well, though very quietly, dressed, while there was about
her a distinct air of refinement.  She also noticed that she possessed
very remarkable hair.

Suddenly the eyes of the two women met, and the widow, a little confused
for she had been staring hard, turned to look out of the window.

An hour later, when the well-dressed woman had gone out for an
after-dinner stroll in the direction of the landing-stage, Mrs. Morrison
inquired her name of the proprietor’s wife.

"Oh!" replied the other.  "She’s a very nice lady from London.  She has
never been up here before.  She’s a Mrs. Pollen."

Then, referring to the visitors’ book, she added: "She lives in Upper
Brook Street, London.  She came here about four days ago."

"Is she making a long stay?"

"She took her rooms for a fortnight," was the woman’s reply.  "She seems
quite nice," she added.

Mrs. Morrison, of Carsphairn, agreed, and then, getting a wrap, went out
into the garden where several of the other visitors were sitting on the
verandah, as the dull red afterglow deepened into twilight.

With one of the women she got into conversation, and, taking the empty
chair next to her, remained there chatting for nearly an hour.  Then,
just as darkness was falling, Mrs. Pollen, in a short skirt and carrying
a little ash walking-stick, re-entered the garden and sank into a seat
in the corner to rest.

Next morning after breakfast—the usual Scotch breakfast with cold grouse
and scones—Mrs. Morrison again strolled out into the sunlit garden after
Mrs. Pollen, and broke the ice.

At first Mrs. Pollen preserved a somewhat dignified attitude.  She spoke
in her best Mayfair manner, and it was apparent that she considered
herself socially superior to the widow, who, by her speech, was so
palpably Scotch.

"No," said Ena, "I have never been in Scotland before.  I find it most
delightful up here, but rather dull when one is alone, as I am."

"I, too, am alone, except for my maid," replied the widow.  "But I love
this place.  It is so quiet and out of the world.  Besides, the scenery
is as grand as any in Scotland.  I’m Scottish, and I’ve travelled the
whole country through with my husband.  He was always enchanted with
Ardlui. Indeed," she added, "we bought a site for a home out here at the
back—where one has a lovely view—but unfortunately he died before he
gave the order to build the place."

"How very unfortunate," said Ena Pollen, with quick sympathy, and in
pretence that she knew nothing whatever of her fellow-guest’s identity,
or of her past, whereas she knew every fact of importance concerning
her.  "I live in London, and though I travel a good deal, mostly on the
Continent or in Egypt, I must say that I think Loch Lomond really
beautiful.  I took a long ramble by the lochside yesterday afternoon,
and found it most enjoyable."

"Ah!" said Mrs. Morrison.  "You must take the trip over to
Stronachlachar and up Katrine.  It is quite pretty, but not so grand as
this.  Besides, there are always too many trippers in the Trossachs.
But while you are here you must really go across and see Ellen’s Isle."

And so the pair, seated in the garden with the sunlit waters at their
feet, gossiped on, and quickly became good friends.

That same evening, indeed, Mrs. Morrison invited the lady from London up
to her sitting-room to take coffee after dinner, and there they sat
gossiping and smoking cigarettes until it was time to retire.

When Ena Pollen gained her room she locked the door, and, flinging
herself into a small easy chair, exclaimed beneath her breath:

"Thank Heaven!  That’s over!  The first few hours when one cultivates a
friendship are always full of pitfalls.  A word in the wrong place, and
the person one seeks to know may instantly conceive a strong dislike.
In this case, however, the woman has approached me.  It was a good job I
got up here first."

Ena Pollen was much fatigued by the recent rapid journeys to and fro to
Scotland, over to Paris and back, and then north again to Loch Lomond.
She was, however, a cosmopolitan, and had travelled very extensively
ever since she had been left a widow ten years earlier.  Her husband had
been a solicitor, whose practice was in Bedford Row, but after his death
she had embarked upon an adventurous career which had culminated in her
association with Bernard Boyne and his wife.

That association had brought her considerable wealth—sufficient, indeed,
to allow her, through payments from Boyne and his wife, to live in an
expensive flat and indulge in jewellery, furs, smart frocks, and all
that appealed to her natural vanity.

That evening, however, she felt worn out.  The strain of ingratiating
herself with Mrs. Morrison of Carsphairn, whom she found to be an
exceedingly shrewd woman, had been considerable, and this, combined with
the fact that she had taken a long walk that afternoon, had utterly
fagged her.

From a tiny silver tube with a cap upon it, which she took from her
dressing-case, she extracted a single little white tabloid, and
swallowed it.

"I wonder—I wonder if we shall really be successful?" she murmured to
herself.  "There must be no slip this time—no recurrence of that
unfortunate contretemps in the Martin affair.  Phew!  That was a narrow
shave.  I was in Melun only just in time. A few days later, and all
chance of dispelling suspicion would have gone!"

She reflected how on more than one occasion they had sailed very near
the wind—far too near to be pleasant—and how they had narrowly escaped a
closer inquiry.  Lilla, however, was always fearless, even when her
husband expressed doubts.  It was she, indeed, who was the moving spirit
of the whole affair, for she went about in her circle of society with
her eyes and ears ever open until she saw an opportunity to put into
motion that deadly machinery which, worked with such subtle cunning,
never failed to increase their bank balance.

She stood at her window as the full moon rose over the loch,
transforming the scene into a veritable fairyland, and here she remained
in deep reflection. She was contemplating the course she should pursue
when she met Mrs. Morrison on the morrow.  Already they had become
friends, the widow from Kirkcudbrightshire being, of course, in entire
ignorance that the pleasant woman from London had come to Ardlui for the
sole purpose of making her acquaintance. Ena Pollen was possessed of a
cunning that few women possess unless they are adventuresses.  She saw
that she must allow this Mrs. Morrison to seek her society.  Already she
realised that the Scotch widow had been greatly attracted by her
conversation; hence she decided that on the morrow she must not be too
eager to meet and chat with her.

She was in no mood for sleep, therefore she pulled down the blind, and
seating herself at a little table in the room, penned a letter which she
addressed to "B. Braybourne, Esquire, 93, Pont Street, London," and in
the course of which she wrote:


"_Things are going even better than I expected. Mrs. M., who made the
first advance, is extremely affable to me.  I hope that within a week or
ten days I can be back in London.  Mrs. M., on leaving here, is going to
Brighton to visit a niece, so I may see something of her.  Do not write
here, as I may be leaving any day.  I have had a letter from Emery. It
was sent to Upper Brook Street, and fortunately enclosed to me in an
envelope.  It would have been unfortunate if it had come here addressed
to Mrs. M.! Would it not?  But do not be alarmed!  I have given
instructions that no letters are to be forwarded in future._"


Next day after breakfast she went out to the post-box and there dropped
in the letter, so that it would leave by the afternoon steamer for the
south.  And after she took a long walk alone along the loch-side, under
Ben Voirlich, as far as the little village of Inveruglas, and thence up
the Inveruglas water, a pretty stream which comes rushing down through
the woods from Loch Sloy.  And there in the cool shade she at last sat
down upon a moss-grown boulder and took out a book and read.

She was playing a waiting game, and one that succeeded, for as she rose
from her table after lunch, Mrs. Morrison came up to her, saying:

"Why, wherever have you been, Mrs. Pollen? I’ve been seeking everywhere
for you."

"Have you?" she asked quite innocently.  "I’ve been for a walk to the
Inveruglas water."

"Oh!  Isn’t it delightful there in the woods?" said the widow.  "I’ve
been there often.  We used to go and picnic there sometimes—right on up
Loch Sloy.  It is very grand and lonely up there, and the view in all
directions is superb."

"I’ve only been in the woods at the bottom of the mountain," the Red
Widow replied.

"Well, I was going to ask you whether, if you haven’t anything better to
do, you would drive with me up Glen Falloch to Crianlarich," said Mrs.
Morrison.

"I shall be most delighted," replied Ena.  "I’m sure it is awfully good
of you."

"Well, as we are both alone, it will be a pleasure for me to have your
company," Mrs. Morrison assured her.

Therefore at three o’clock they left in a carriage which took them away
into the picturesque glen for six miles or so, past the little village
of Inverarnan, until they reached that pleasant little spot Crianlarich,
sheltering beneath the high Ben More at the head of the narrow Glen
Dochart, with Loch Fay beyond.

They wandered about the heather gossiping on all sorts of subjects, the
Red Widow telling her a number of purely fictitious stories about
herself and her travels, while Mrs. Morrison told her much about the
happiness of her own married life.

"I have never cared to enter society because, while my husband lived, it
never attracted me," she said, as they sat together upon a rock among
the heather whence they had a magnificent view up Glen Dochart. "My
husband hated it.  He was a self-made man.  A baronetcy was offered him,
but he refused it.  He did not agree with the system whereby donations
to party funds makes an honest man a pinchbeck gentleman."

Ena laughed.

"True!" she declared.  "I admire Mr. Morrison for his outspokenness."

"Well, that is why I never entered society," Mrs. Morrison said, with a
sigh.

"But why don’t you see a little more of life?" Ena suggested.  "You
appear, from what you say, to be buried alive at Carsphairn!"

"I see but very few people, but I take a great interest in the estate,
and I have a few shooting parties—mostly friends of my late husband."

"Why not come to London for a month or so? Go to the theatres and
restaurants, and have an enjoyable time?  I do, and I find that I’m
amused and meet many interesting people.  You are going to Brighton.
Why not remain in London for a bit after your visit there?" the Red
Widow suggested. "I know a good many people, and I think you would have
a nice time.  Besides, you would do shopping also.  Paris and London are
the only places where one can buy anything decent to wear nowadays."

"You are really very good, Mrs. Pollen, to offer to entertain me in
London," she declared.  "Of course, I have other engagements, but——"

"Oh, but those can be broken.  If you are going to Brighton, make a stay
in London on your return. I live in Upper Brook Street.  Do you know
it?"

"Oh yes.  I once, long ago, had a friend who lived there.  I know it
quite well."

"I have only a small flat, otherwise I would offer you hospitality."

"Oh—no," said the widow.  "I can easily stay at the Carlton, the Ritz,
or somewhere."

"Then think it over," said the pleasant woman from London.

"Yes, I will," replied the other.  "We have many things in common, I
believe, and I am sure that we shall be good friends."

"I’m delighted to hear that your thoughts coincide with my own.  I make
very few new acquaintances; I have so many old friends."

"And I make none.  Not that I’m at all exclusive, I hope.  But the
majority of women I meet I find too shallow and frivolous, and they
don’t attract me."

"Then I consider myself highly honoured!" laughed Ena, as the pair rose
to walk back to the Crianlarich Hotel to tea.

And while Mrs. Morrison of Carsphairn, ignorant of what was in progress,
believed that she really had found a delightful friend—a woman after her
own heart—the Red Widow smiled within herself, highly gratified at her
success.




                              *CHAPTER IX*

                       *A GENTLEMAN NAMED GREIG*


The days passed pleasantly enough at Ardlui. Mrs. Morrison and her
newly-found friend usually went walking or driving together over the
heather-clad mountains, or along the loch-side, so remotely picturesque
and silent.

One day she received an offer—through a firm of estate-agents in
Edinburgh—from a well-known cotton-spinner in Oldham to rent Carsphairn
furnished for a year.  It was a most tempting offer, and Mrs. Morrison
showed the letter to her friend.

"If I were you, I would accept it," Mrs. Pollen urged.  "It would do you
good to travel, to see London life a little, and go over to Paris and to
Nice in winter.  I could not vegetate always on a Scottish estate, much
as I love the country."

"I confess I feel half inclined to accept.  Lately I have felt very
lonely and dull at Carsphairn, and now with winter in front of us I
should, I agree, be far more happy with a little amusement."

"Of course," said Ena, as they were walking together near the hotel.
"You are going to Edinburgh next week, so I would write to the agents
and say that you will call upon them."

"Very well, I will," said Mrs. Morrison.  "You are coming to Edinburgh,
too, aren’t you?"

"Just for a couple of days before I return to London."

"Then we will travel together, and stay at the Caledonian," said Augusta
Morrison.

And so it was agreed.

That Ena had successfully ingratiated herself with Mrs. Morrison was
proved by a letter she wrote that day to her niece at Brighton, in which
she said:


"_I have met an exceedingly nice woman here—a Mrs. Pollen, who lives in
Upper Brook Street, London.  I will ask her down to Brighton while I am
with you.  She has persuaded me to spend a little time in London after I
leave you, and I think the change will do me good.  I am contemplating
letting Carsphairn furnished for a year, and spending the winter first
on the Riviera, and later in Egypt. I make few friends, as you know, but
I am sure you will like Mrs. Pollen.  She is very often at the
Metropole, at Brighton.  Next week we go to Edinburgh together, and
after I have done my business there I shall come straight to you._"


Ena, with her innate cunning, had been quick to realise the open
friendship which her companion had extended towards her.  This somewhat
surprised her, for a woman is the enemy of every other woman. Few women
ever see beauty or good qualities in another.

Only a few days before Ena went north, she was discussing the point with
Lilla Braybourne over tea in the latter’s drawing-room.

"Women see in every other female thing a potential rival, my dear
Lilla," she had said.  "That is what makes my task so hard.  Every woman
defends herself against every other woman, fully confident that the hand
of the female world is raised against her."

"I think I agree," was Lilla’s reply.  "I’ve hardly ever known a woman
to admire the good looks of another of her sex.  Curious, isn’t it?  But
it’s quite true what you say.  Pussies lap tea and scandal everywhere,
and even a female saint too often uses her crown of thorns to scratch."

"Yes," laughed the handsome adventuress.  "I heard it said the other day
that to the woman of thirty the girl of eighteen is a crime, and that
to-day’s fashion is to look sixteen if you’re sixty, and to collar your
daughter’s lovers if they are not wide awake enough to prevent you.
That’s what makes it so hard for me."

"Few women can attract women, Ena.  You are one of them.  You deserve
the O.B.E. for it."

"But it is a most difficult and often dangerous undertaking," she
declared; "and, after all, the O.B.E. has been given for less."

By the least lapse of the tongue or a too eager appearance to scrape up
an acquaintanceship would, Ena knew, alienate Mrs. Morrison for ever.
The widow’s reverence for her departed husband was the saving clause.
She had professed deep sympathy, and in the delightful fiction she had
told about her own life and "dear Peter," her late husband, she had
attracted Augusta as one of the few women who were womanly.

Who was it said that modern love starts in Heaven and ends in the Sunday
newspaper?  Ena’s philosophy was always amusing.  She scoffed at love,
at life, at beauty, at everything.  Indeed, on that very day as she
walked with Mrs. Morrison she had caused her to laugh heartily by
referring to some woman friend of hers who lived at Surbiton as "one of
those women who shine with virtue and the cheapest sort of complexion
soap."

Ena Pollen had a caustic tongue as far as her own sex was concerned, yet
she could assume such a suave, sweet manner towards women as entirely to
disarm them.

It was so in Mrs. Morrison’s case.  As the warm, delightful days went
on, they were inseparable, exchanging intimate details of their own
careers, and fast becoming firm friends.

The arrival of the steamer from Balloch each afternoon was the chief
excitement, and by it visitors to the hotel came and left.

One afternoon the steamer brought a short, round-faced little man, very
well-dressed, whose speech showed that he came from Glasgow.  He had a
suit-case with him, and took the one room which happened to be
disengaged, giving the name of John Greig.  He was an alert-looking
business man, probably a Glasgow merchant out for a few days’ relaxation
from the eternal bustle of Sauchiehall Street.

He sat alone at dinner, and once or twice glanced in the direction of
the two ladies who sat together in the window, for Mrs. Morrison had now
joined Mrs. Pollen.  Both were better dressed than the other visitors,
especially Ena, who wore a semi-evening frock and a jade-coloured velvet
band in her red hair.

After dinner the visitor strolled alone in the garden until he found a
man to chat with, the pair sitting smoking in the moonlight until it
became time to retire.

When John Greig reached his room he flung himself into a chair, and
beneath his breath, remarked:

"By Jove!  She’s a handsome woman, too!  But she’s not Joan Eastlake.
That’s my belief. Nevertheless, now I’m here, I may as well make quite
certain."

And he took out a final cigarette from his case and smoked it
reflectively before he turned in.

Next day he was about early at the loch-side, and though he contrived to
arouse no suspicion in the minds of either those connected with the
hotel or any of his fellow-visitors, he kept casual observation upon the
pair.  Now and then he would accidentally be so close in their vicinity
as to be able to overhear scraps of their conversation.  Yet so cleverly
did he do this, and so utterly uninterested did he appear to be, that
even Ena, who was ever suspicious of eavesdroppers and persons watching,
failed to realise the intense interest which she had evoked in the
little round-faced man.

The following day Ena accompanied her friend on a trip across to Loch
Katrine, but the stranger idled about the hotel and wrote letters.
After lunch, however, at the hour when the small establishment was
quietest, the curiosity of anyone watching him would certainly have been
aroused.  His actions were truly a little peculiar.

At about three o’clock that afternoon, having ascertained that none of
the servants were about, he slipped silently to Mrs. Pollen’s bedroom,
the door of which was unlocked, and, entering quickly, closed the door
after him.  Then, walking straight to a big dressing-case which lay upon
a chair near the window, he took out a bunch of keys and tried one after
the other in an effort to open it.

He failed, none of the keys would fit.

"If I force it she’ll suspect," he murmured.  "No, I must give it up for
the present—curse it!"

Then he made a tour of the room, opened the wardrobe, and examined the
contents of several drawers, but though some expensive jewellery was
there, he cast it aside in contempt.

Mr. Greig did not want jewels.  It was evident that he was in search of
something else far more interesting.  But that lock upon the
dressing-case was an unusually good one, and had defied all his many
keys.

There was but one course to pursue, and that was to retreat to his own
room, which he did in great disappointment and chagrin.

That evening he watched the two women on their return.  His movements
were those of a practised watcher.  He was unobtrusive, disinterested in
everything save the picturesque surroundings, and behaved as though he
had no interest whatever in any person in the hotel.

That evening, while in the garden after dinner, he found himself sitting
on a seat beside Mrs. Morrison, and ventured to address a remark to her
regarding the glorious sunset.

What more natural than in a few moments Ena and her friend were chatting
affably with the new-comer.

"This is my first visit to Scotland," Ena declared, though it was a
falsehood, "and I’m delighted with it.  My views—those of a
Londoner—have entirely altered concerning Scotland and the Scottish
people. I don’t agree now with the ridicule cast upon them."

"I’m very glad of that," declared Mr. Greig. "In the south you don’t
really understand us, I think.  And perhaps we here don’t quite
understand you.  National prejudices are very hard to break down."

"They are.  But you see the majority of the English never come north.
They view the Scottish people by the ridicule cast upon them by
performers on our music-halls.  It is unfortunate, but it is a fact."

"Never mind," laughed the pleasant-faced man from Glasgow.  "Our
national pride is never hurt by those amblers on the stage who wax fat
upon the profits of their mimicry.  We only laugh at it up here, I
assure you," he declared to Mrs. Pollen.

The conversation drifted naturally to the fact that Mrs. Morrison told
him her name, which was Scottish, and the identity of her late husband,
so well known in Glasgow.

"Oh!  I knew your husband quite well, Mrs. Morrison," declared John
Greig, for no shrewder or more well-informed person was there between
the Lowlands and Cromarty.  "I knew him twenty years ago.  Do you
recollect Mr. Buchanan, who had an office in St. Vincent Street,
Glasgow, and with whom he went into partnership?  Mr. Buchanan died
about four years ago.  I went to visit him once at that beautiful house
of his on Loch Rannoch."

"Then you knew Mr. Buchanan!" cried Mrs. Morrison. "He was a dear
fellow.  My husband was devoted to him.  Together they built up the
works."

"I know.  Everyone in commercial circles in Glasgow knows how closely
they worked together, and, Mrs. Morrison, I may tell you that not a
worker on the Clyde has any but good words for your husband and his
partner.  The conditions of work in your husband’s place at Govan were
always ideal. We hear much of labour trouble in these post-bellum days,
but if all works were like your husband’s there would be little to
grumble at."

"It is awfully good of you to pay such a tribute to my husband’s regard
for his employees," said Mrs. Morrison, much gratified.  "He and I often
discussed their welfare, and I always agreed with him that labour should
be duly paid and there should be no sweating.  We have Socialist
propaganda on the Clyde to-day, but is it at all astonishing in view of
the high prices, of Government muddle and waste, and the advancement
into society by the King’s favour in the shape of ’honours’ of
bare-faced swindlers and those who escape under the more euphonious name
of profiteers?"

"Ah!  I’m glad that you have realised the deadly peril of Britain, Mrs.
Morrison," Greig said.  "As a business man in Glasgow—I am an exporter
to the East—I know much of what is transpiring among the Socialists, and
I know the deadly peril of Britain to-day."

The fact that Greig had known not only her husband but his partner,
Buchanan, appealed to Mrs. Morrison, with the result that he had
frequent chats with her, and incidentally with her friend, Ena Pollen,
whose belongings he had so carefully scrutinised in her absence.

The man from Glasgow, with his round, merry, well-shaven face, a
countenance of prosperity, was a typical man of business, and he
appealed to old Morrison’s widow as a very nice man.

With her estimate Ena, any suspicion utterly disarmed, entirely agreed.

Pleasant, humorous, and careless in his relaxation from money-making in
grim and grimy Glasgow, John Greig was an excellent fellow on holiday.
His estimate of women—for he was a bachelor—coincided entirely with that
of Ena Pollen.

To be frank, he had, in the course of conversation, gauged her views
regarding her own sex, and he at once sought to cultivate her
acquaintance upon her line of thought.

"Of course," she said next morning, as he found himself gossiping with
her after breakfast, "woman ought not to work at all.  No man really
likes a woman who works for him.  Work isn’t woman’s natural element,
though trouble is.  Work is an odious word to women."

"Really, Mrs. Pollen, your philosophy is quite upon that of my own
thinking," laughed Greig. "Once a man I know declared to me that to
girls business life would be a dull existence if it were not for its sly
opening for an illicit romance."

"One woman writer has said, and with much truth, that petticoats, like
time, were made for slaves, and that there is more virtue in a single
pair of trousers than there is in a multitude of skirts," laughed Ena.

"True.  Was it not the same lady author who told us that the wrong part
of wrong-doing is being found out?"

"Ah! yes.  And the same feminine philosopher went farther," Ena said.
"She declared that the woman who thinks it wicked to buy silk petticoats
and luxurious ’undies’—’because no one sees them’—is a fool; but the
hedonist who frankly revels in the feel and _frou-frou_ of silk and
_crêpe de chine_ and mysterious lace things is as wise as Eve, who wore
leaves rather than nothing, and made a tantalising mystery of herself
out of the poor resources at her command."

The man from Glasgow laughed immoderately. "Really," he remarked, "you
have no great admiration of your own sex, Mrs. Pollen."

"No, I have not," declared the Red Widow frankly, as they both halted
and leaned over a gate which gave entrance to a great green meadow
beyond which was the edge of the loch, the water of which lay like a
mirror in the morning sunlight.

Up there, far removed from the life and bustle of the outer world, with
all its political bickerings and its labour troubles, life was very
enjoyable, and the two women who had become so friendly had quickly
discovered in John Greig a man whose ideas corresponded exactly with
their own—a man who had formed distinct views upon life, and who was not
afraid to admit them.

At last came the afternoon of their departure for Edinburgh.  They bade
Mr. Greig farewell on the Pier just before the steamer started for
Balloch.

Then, going on board, they waved him a farewell as the paddles began to
revolve, sending out long ripples over the glassy surface of the loch.

He raised his hat with a merry laugh, but as he did so, he remarked
beneath his breath:

"After all—I’m not sure, _even now_!"




                              *CHAPTER X*

                    *MORE MYSTERIOUS CIRCUMSTANCES*


"Let’s pull up here; it’s so delightfully shady."

Marigold Ramsay, who spoke, lay back among the crimson cushions of the
punt, with her eyes fixed upon the sky.

She loved the river.  That Sunday afternoon was perfect, and she was
enjoying the day on the river after a week’s hard work in the bank.

Gerald, who was an expert with the punt-pole, was taking her up that
pretty reach of the Thames which winds between Shepperton and Walton,
with the long rows of poplars fringing the river bank.

They had lunched at the little riverside inn at Halliford, and were now
making their way slowly up-stream.  Gerald, in flannels, with coat off
and sleeves upturned, placing his pole and withdrawing it without any
apparent effort.

Since that adventurous night at Bridge Place they had become even closer
friends.  No day passed but they met.  The previous two Sundays Durrant
had spent with her, the first at Dorking, where they had wandered over
Leith Hill and along the Surrey lanes, and the next Sunday at Brighton.
This, the third Sunday, they had decided to spend together on the
Thames.

As they were passing beneath a long row of trees which overhung the
water, the girl, who was in white, raised herself from her couch of
cushions and suggested that they should tie up the punt there.

"Certainly," he replied, and a few moments later he had secured the punt
to a tree root, and, sitting down to rest, he lit his pipe.

"Do you know, Gerald, I’ve been thinking again about Mr. Boyne," she
said.  "I can’t get the man out of my mind."

"Well, to tell the truth, Marigold, neither can I," replied the young
man.  "Ever since that night at Hammersmith I’ve been trying in vain to
solve the mystery."

"About the person concealed upstairs," remarked the blue-eyed girl
reflectively.  "Yes, it’s most curious."

"It’s more than curious," her companion declared. "Though I haven’t
mentioned it to you, I’ve watched the house for several nights, but I
must admit that I’ve seen nothing at all suspicious."

"Oh!  Then you’ve been on the watch!" she cried excitedly.

"Yes, on four occasions, and all to no purpose. Last Friday I waited
from nine o’clock till one in the morning, and got wet through.  He
returned about ten, but did not come out again."

"He was upstairs with his secret friend, I suppose," said the girl.

"No doubt.  Whoever may be confined there could not exist without seeing
a human face and conversing with him, even for five minutes each day, or
he would certainly go mad," said Gerald.  "You remember I said that
Italians, who have abolished capital punishment for murder, have
substituted solitary confinement.  It is far more terrible.  They
confine the assassin in a cell in silence, without sight of a human
face.  Their food is placed upon a turntable which revolves into the
cell, so that the prisoner never sees a face.  Such torture was invented
long ago in the Bastille, and in every case it drives the guilty one
raving mad within five years."

"How horrible!" cried the girl.

"I admit it is, but surely the punishment is far greater than that of
hanging, or even the guillotine. Both are instantaneous, yet in Italy
the criminal suffers all the tortures of Dante’s Inferno—and deservedly
so."

"Then you saw nothing?" asked Marigold.

"I fancied a lot, but I saw really nothing to increase my suspicions.
One thing we know—that he is concealing some person in that locked room.
Now who can the person be?"

"It may be some relative who has done something very wrong and is afraid
of the police," suggested the girl.

"Agreed.  It may be.  But we have discussed the matter so many times
that I think we should not talk further—but act," he said.  "We have
proved beyond doubt that Bernard Boyne is a man of mystery.  Your deaf
aunt, a most worthy woman, acts as his housekeeper.  Why does he retain
her? Merely because she is stone-deaf.  Why does he want a deaf woman to
wait upon him?  Because there are sometimes noises in the house which
would arouse the curiosity of any who chanced to overhear them."

"We must discover the identity of the person concealed," remarked the
girl with the big blue eyes, as she lay back lazily among the cushions.

"We must.  At all costs I intend to solve this mystery.  Marigold," he
said, removing his pipe from his lips and looking straight into her
eyes, "my own belief is that you have discovered some very strange and
startling drama of our complex London life—one which, when investigated,
will prove to be astounding."

"Do you really think so?" asked the girl, looking into his handsome
face.

"Yes—I do.  Up to the present all our efforts have been in vain," he
said.  "Only one fact has been established, and that is that there is a
prisoner—whether voluntary or not we cannot tell—in that creeper-covered
house.  We both saw Boyne creep up with food to him, while I saw his
light beneath the door.  Somebody is living up there in secret.  Is it a
man, or is it a woman?  His eagerness makes me think that it is a woman.
Who is it?"

"Somebody he is shielding—somebody who has committed some serious crime,
who fears to show his or her face lest it be recognised by agents of
Scotland Yard."

"Really, Marigold, you are very acute," he exclaimed.  "We have had so
many murder mysteries since the war, and in all of them the police
confess their utter confusion, that the present situation fills me with
great apprehension."

"I know," she said.  "But why not let us begin again?  Let us watch the
house.  I’ll watch one night, and you watch the next.  Surely we can by
that means discover the truth.  If the place is watched every night,
this man Boyne must, in the end, be defeated."

"But I thought you liked Boyne?"

"Yes; he has been always very good to me. Remember that he is the owner
of the place, and my aunt is his housekeeper," replied the girl.

"I quite appreciate your point," said Durrant. "But if we are to fully
delve into the affair we must not be influenced by the fellow’s open
heart.  The greatest criminals of the world have always been those who
have been popular on account of their bonhomie and generosity."

The girl sat silent, her eyes fixed upon the rushes slowly waving in the
stream.  A motor-launch passed them, making a high wash against the
bank, but she took no heed.  She was still thinking of that strange
occupant of the house in Bridge Place.

Three times during the past week she had, indeed, visited her aunt in an
endeavour to discover something more.  Boyne had been out, as usual,
therefore she had been able to examine the place thoroughly.  She had
ascended to that locked room on each occasion, and had listened there.
Once in the silence she had heard a distinct movement, a slight
rustling, within.

Yet afterwards, as she had reflected, she wondered whether it had not
been due to her imagination, or perhaps to a blind flapping at an open
window.  When one is suspicious, it is so easy to imagine queer
circumstances.

"I only wish we could solve the mystery," she remarked wistfully.  "It
worries me.  Auntie seems quite unconcerned."

"Because she has no suspicion, worthy old soul. She has no knowledge of
Mr. Boyne’s nocturnal visits with food to his friend."

"Why shouldn’t we tell her, and then she’ll be on the alert?" suggested
the girl.  "She might discover something."

"She might—but more probably she would be too eager, and thus put Boyne
upon his guard," remarked the young fellow.  "No.  We must work together
in strict secrecy if we intend to be successful."

"But who can he possibly be hiding?"

The young man in flannels shrugged his shoulders, and replied:

"I confess that the problem is getting on my nerves.  The more I think
it over the more inscrutable it becomes.  Mischief is being worked
somewhere.  Of that I feel confident.  All the actions of our friend
Boyne point to it."

"But that shroud?  Why does he wear it?" asked Marigold blankly.

"As a disguise, without a doubt.  Perhaps the person upstairs has been
confined there so long that his mind has already become deranged, as is
inevitable after a long period of solitary incarceration, and Boyne now
takes the precaution of adopting the simple disguise so that his friend
should fail to identify him.  He may have done his captive some great
injury—or something."

"True; but, if he has, it was not in order to gain. Bernard Boyne is a
comparatively poor man.  My aunt says that he seems to have only just
sufficient money to make both ends meet."

Gerald Durrant drew a long breath.  Upon his countenance was an
expression of doubt.

"He may pass as a poor man, and yet be rich," he remarked.  "It may
sound romantic, but there are many people living in the by-streets of
London, successfully concealed beneath assumed names and unsuspected by
their neighbours, who for years have lived a life of penury though they
are really well off. And their motive is, for some reason or other, to
cut themselves adrift from friends in their own sphere.  Indeed, it is a
well known fact that in the last days of King Edward an ex-Cabinet
Minister lived for several years in seclusion in a meagre side-street
near Kennington Park, as Mr. Benwell, his real identity never being
suspected until, owing to his sudden death, an inquest was held, and the
police, searching his papers, discovered that he was immensely wealthy
and one of Britain’s foremost statesmen, who was believed to be living
in seclusion in Italy."

"Perhaps Mr. Boyne is some person who has sought retirement in a similar
manner," Marigold suggested.

"No.  If I’m not mistaken, Mr. Boyne is playing a very deep and rather
dangerous game—how dangerous I cannot yet discover."

"But you could discover nothing when you watched—just as I failed to
find out any fact," she said.  "I had no idea you were on the watch."

"I saw you on Tuesday night," he laughed. "You arrived at the house
about half-past eight, and had a great trouble getting in."

"Were you there?" she cried eagerly.  "I never dreamed that you were in
the vicinity.  Yes, you are right.  I rang and banged on the door half a
dozen times before I could attract auntie’s attention. She generally
leaves the door unlocked in case anyone should call."

"Boyne returned about twenty minutes after you had left, but though I
watched till midnight, he did not come out again."

"Couldn’t you take a day off one day and follow him when he goes out in
the morning?" the girl suggested.  "I would do it, but I fear that he’d
recognise me."

"I might.  But I think I may be more successful at night.  It is very
difficult to keep observation upon a person in broad daylight.  In the
darkness it is much easier."

"Why not try again to-night?" suggested Marigold. "I’ll go with you."

He shook his head.

"Sunday night is a bad night.  We know his habits on week-days, but he
may have gone out all day to-day," he replied.  "No; to-morrow would be
more likely."

"Then let’s both go there to-morrow night, and if he comes out of the
house we’ll watch where he goes."

With this suggestion Gerald agreed, and after she had smoked the
cigarette he handed to her from his case, they resumed their punting
up-stream in the afternoon sunshine.

Next night they met by appointment at Hammersmith Broadway station at
half-past eight, and after a consultation, it was arranged that Marigold
should call on her aunt on some pretext, and having ascertained if Boyne
had returned, she would rejoin Gerald at a spot in King Street.

Hence he lounged about the busy thoroughfare for a quarter of an hour
until she returned with the news that Boyne had been home since six
o’clock, he having returned unusually early.

"Ah!  That’s a good sign," said Gerald.  "He’ll certainly go out again
to-night!"

As they strolled together they arranged that Marigold should loiter near
the King Street end of the street, while Gerald should stand in an entry
near the house which he had used in his previous observations.

"If you see me pass into King Street, don’t follow me too closely," he
urged, "and at all hazards don’t let him see you.  Remember that people
who are engaged in crooked business keep their eyes skinned and are
always full of suspicion."

"I’ll take good care he doesn’t see me," the girl answered him.  "Trust
me to be discreet."

Then they parted, and for about an hour Marigold waited in vain for a
sight of her lover.  It had now grown quite dark, and the street lamps
in Bridge Place were none too brilliant.  She was still loitering in the
darkness, full of expectation at every footstep on the pavement.

At last she again heard footsteps, and a few moments later recognised
Boyne’s well-built figure passing within the zone of lamplight across
the way. He was walking hurriedly in the direction of King Street, all
unconscious that he was being followed. But a few moments later, with
noiseless tread—for he wore rubber heels to his shoes—Durrant came
along, his eyes searching eagerly for the girl he loved.

Suddenly he saw her in the shadow, and realised that she was discreetly
following him.

The pair exchanged a few words in the crowded King Street, and while
Gerald hurried on after Boyne towards the station, the girl followed a
little distance behind.

They saw him buying a ticket at the station and also purchase a late
edition of the evening paper. Then he descended to the platform of the
tube and took a train going towards Piccadilly.

Gerald and Marigold, who had separated, travelled on the same train
until, on arrival at Knightsbridge, the man they were watching alighted.
Marigold, who had been on the alert at each station, saw him emerge from
the next car, while close behind him was Gerald, with whom, of course,
he was unacquainted.

Together they followed him along Sloane Street to Pont Street, where he
ascended the steps of a smart-looking red-brick house and opened the
door with a latchkey.

"Now that’s curious!" remarked Gerald when he rejoined the girl.  "Did
you notice that he entered that house yonder as though it were his own
home? I wonder who lives there?"

"We must find out," declared Marigold, highly excited at having tracked
Mr. Boyne so far.

"Yes.  But I shall be compelled to watch the house and see what happens
now," he said.  "I mean to follow him to-night wherever he goes.  It
almost seems as if he lives here—as well as in Hammersmith!"

"Well—he certainly has a latchkey, and this is not a street where they
take in lodgers."

"No," he said.  "Some of these houses are the legations of the smaller
States of Europe.  Over there is the Serbian Legation."

"Well, we’ll wait in patience," she said. "Fortunately it’s a fine
night."

"The last time I watched, last week, it came on terribly wet about
eleven o’clock," he said, "and I hadn’t my mackintosh.  When I started
out it seemed a perfect night.  But just now the weather is so
changeable."

On the darker side of the street by the railings, the young people idled
together, with a watchful eye upon the long flight of steps which Boyne
had ascended.  Though the blinds were drawn, it was evident that the
comfortable West End house was well lighted, and it was, no doubt, the
residence of someone of considerable means.  Indeed, it requires a good
income to run a house even in Pont Street in these post-bellum days.

The traffic had died down.  Few taxis were passing, for as yet the
home-coming pleasure seekers were not on their way from the theatres.

For half an hour the pair waited in the shadow, full of eager curiosity.
The movements of the mystery-man of Hammersmith were, to say the least,
suspicious.

Suddenly, from the basement a young footman appeared, and hurrying along
to the end of the road, hailed a taxi and brought it to the door.

Then, as they watched, they saw, a few seconds later, the front door
open, and a man in evening dress descended the steps and entered the
taxi.

The light from the open door shone upon his face as he halted to speak
to the servant, and then, to their amazement, they recognised the man to
be Bernard Boyne.

His chameleon-like change staggered them both for a second, but Gerald,
ever quick to act, whispered:

"Go home, Marigold.  This is very funny.  I’ll try to follow," and a
moment later he had sped away noiselessly into the darkness.

The fact was that his quick eyes had espied a taxi which at that moment
had driven up on a stand a little farther down, and without delay he
told the man that he wanted him to follow the taxi in front, and that he
would give him treble fare for doing so.

"Right y’are, sir!" replied the young Cockney driver, who instantly
entered into the spirit of the chase, and already his cab was on the
move as Boyne left.

Gerald saw Marigold standing watching the departure, and knowing that
she would make the best of her way to Wimbledon, kept his eyes upon the
taxi, which was soon out into Knightsbridge, going in the direction of
Hyde Park Corner.

Why Boyne, the humble collector of insurance premiums, should possess a
latchkey to a house in Pont Street, and emerge from there dressed in
evening clothes as a gentleman of means, sorely puzzled Gerald Durrant.

He felt instinctively that he was on the track of some very remarkable
sequence of events.  This man who disguised himself every night before
he took food and drink up to his imprisoned friend, evidently lived a
double life.  In Pont Street he was a rich man, while in Hammersmith he
was poor.

One point of satisfaction was that he was following the unsuspecting
man, and would at least know his destination, even if that night he
failed to discover the object of his visit.

That he was in a hurry was apparent.  He seemed to have spoken excitedly
to the young footman—who appeared to be a foreigner—before stepping into
the taxi.

Up Park Lane they went, until suddenly the taxi conveying the man of
mystery pulled up before a house in Upper Brook Street, while the
vehicle in which Gerald had followed passed on for some distance before
it stopped.

"’E’s gone in that ’ouse, sir," said the taxi-man in a low voice.

"Yes, so I see.  He may not be long.  I’ll wait," and he stepped out and
strolled a little way in the opposite direction.  Meanwhile Boyne had
paid his man, who had turned his cab and left.

The house into which Boyne had disappeared was a block of flats, for as
he passed he had caught a glimpse of the uniformed porter who had
saluted him and followed him to the lift.

The mystery was thereby greatly increased, though many more startling
circumstances were yet to be encountered.

Gerald Durrant idled there in the vicinity of the taxi, little dreaming
into what a labyrinth of doubt and mystery he had now been drawn.




                              *CHAPTER XI*

                          *SPREADING THE NET*


Gerald Durrant remained outside the house in Upper Brook Street for more
than half an hour. Much puzzled, he stood in a doorway opposite the
block of flats into which Boyne had gone.

Marigold was on her way back to Wimbledon Park, and that night he
intended to probe the mystery farther.

He waited, and still waited.  A neighbouring clock struck the hours.
The hall-porter at one o’clock closed the door and switched off the
lights, yet Gerald still waited for the insurance agent of Hammersmith
to emerge.

That he was known to the hall-porter was apparent, for the man had
saluted him.  It was strange, to say the least, that the man who was
compelled to scrape for a living in Hammersmith should be guest in a
fashionable flat in Upper Brook Street.

Bernard Boyne was certainly a man of mystery, for not only did he
possess the latchkey of the smart house in Pont Street, but he was also
known at that block of expensive flats.

The young fellow lit a fresh cigarette and, leaning against the deep
portico of the house opposite, possessed himself in patience.  Time went
on.  A police constable passed and repassed, but did not notice him in
the shadow, for he hid his cigarette. All the windows of the great
building he was watching were in darkness.  It was evident now that
Boyne would not come out again before morning.

Yet Durrant, with great pertinacity, waited there through the whole
night until, at half-past six, the hall-porter threw open the outer
door, and milkmen, the postman, and newspaper boys began to arrive in
quick succession.  Without bite or sup Gerald waited there till
half-past ten, when, full of chagrin at being thus foiled, he was
compelled to hurry to his office, getting a wash and a shave on the way.

At lunch he met Marigold as usual, and told her of his failure,
whereupon she said:

"I have the afternoon off.  I’ll go at once and see my aunt, and
ascertain when he got back."

This she did, and when that evening Durrant arrived home at Ealing he
found a wire awaiting him which told him that when Boyne’s housekeeper
took him up his early tea as usual, her master had been in bed!

Durrant held his breath.  The mystery-man had some means of exit from
Upper Brook Street—a back way, without a doubt.

But what was the motive of it all?  Why should he pose as penurious in
Hammersmith, and wear evening clothes in Mayfair?

That night Durrant went again to Upper Brook Street, and, exploring the
rear of the building, found that there was a servants’ entrance to the
flats which led into a mews, and through a back street.  By that Bernard
Boyne had, no doubt, walked out while Durrant had been keeping his night
vigil.

This fact further impressed both Marigold and her lover that Boyne was
not what he represented himself to be.

Durrant set out to probe the mystery, and by dint of ingenious
application to the affair, he became on friendly terms with the
hall-porter.  Truth to tell, Durrant had represented himself to be a
demobilised officer who had been in love with a lady who had rented one
of the flats.  He had discovered her name from the house-agent, and knew
that she had married during the war.

From the hall-porter he learned that the man who had passed in was an
occasional visitor, but to whom he did not know.  He would try and
ascertain. The lips of all hall-porters of flats are readily unlocked
when their hands are "crossed with silver."  And why not?  In our
post-war civilisation little is effected without a _quid pro quo_.  Even
the British Cabinet Minister looks for reward; alas! that it should be
so.  Patriotism in all the Allied Countries seems synonymous with
personal ruin, and those who have realised the fact are the profiteers
upon gallant men’s lives.

Gerald’s discovery at the back of Upper Brook Street brought the pair to
a dead end as far as their investigations went.

They met as usual at lunch and discussed the situation.  What could be
done?

"All I can see, Marigold, is for you to continue your visits constantly
to Bridge Place and learn all you can from your aunt," Durrant said.
"There is evidently something extraordinary in progress.  But what it is
we cannot possibly tell without more thorough investigation."

"But what can we do further?" asked the girl.

"I can do nothing just yet, except to receive reports from you," replied
Gerald.  "You can visit Boyne’s house and let me know from time to time
what is in progress there."

"But the prisoner upstairs?" she asked.  "How can I know more?"

"By watching," was his reply.  "Do you know, Marigold, I’ve been
thinking—thinking deeply over the affair.  We are both agreed that we
intend to fathom the secret of this man.  Well, now could you not one
evening, when you visit your aunt, be taken suddenly very unwell, and
then remain there in the house and watch?"

"Really, Gerald, that’s a splendid idea!" exclaimed the girl.  "Yet it
seems an imposition upon Mr. Boyne."

"I know that.  He poses as a man without anything whatever save the
commission he collects upon the premiums on the lives of the honest
inhabitants of Hammersmith.  Yet, as we know, he is in touch with
certain people of a much higher class than himself.  The house in Pont
Street is a great enigma to me.  We must elucidate the mystery.  That is
my object."

"I am ready to work at your orders, Gerald," was the girl’s reply, with
the genuine love-look in her eyes.  "Yes, we will do our utmost to solve
this mystery!"

In consequence of this conversation, a few days later Marigold went one
afternoon to visit her aunt, old Mrs. Felmore, and in the evening was
taken very unwell.

Mr. Boyne, who returned as usual about six o’clock, was told of the
girl’s illness and went down to the kitchen, where he saw her, and,
speaking kindly, asked if he should fetch the doctor.

"No, thank you, Mr. Boyne," the girl answered, rather weakly.  "It’s
awfully good of you, but no doubt I shall be better presently, and able
to go home. I have a curious dizziness.  It came on quite suddenly."

"Are you subject to it?" he inquired.  And then in the next breath asked
if he could get her anything.

"My aunt has given me a cup of tea," was her reply.  "And I already feel
better."

"Don’t think of going to Wimbledon to-night unless you feel better," he
urged.  "Mrs. Felmore can make you up a bed in the spare room."

She thanked him, and though she assured him she would be well enough to
go home in an hour or so, she had no intention of returning home that
night.

Boyne, on his part, looked weary and worn.  His clothes were shabby, and
his cheap boots were down at heel and dusty after a long day’s tramp in
the meaner streets of Hammersmith.

Returning to his sitting-room, he took his bulky insurance books from
his pocket.  Then he threw off his jacket, sat down to tea in his shirt
sleeves, and fed "Nibby," his pet rat.

Mrs. Felmore, like many deaf folk, could tell what was said by watching
people’s lips.  When her employer had left the kitchen, she remarked to
her niece:

"Isn’t Mr. Boyne a dear nice man?  Whenever I feel unwell he is always
so ready to get me anything.  You know how bad I was with my rheumatism
last winter?  He wouldn’t let me work, but engaged old Mrs. Kirk from
the Mall."

"Yes, auntie, he is," Marigold declared.  "But I didn’t tell him how bad
I feel.  I really don’t know what has come over me."

"Why not let him call the doctor?"

"Oh, no.  I’ll be all right soon," she said cheerfully; and then she
reseated herself in the summer twilight near the open window.

At half-past eight o’clock Bernard Boyne, having washed and changed his
clothes, went out.

Marigold fell to wondering where he might be going.  It had been
arranged that Gerald should be on watch outside the house that night,
but when they had met at lunch, he had told her that he was compelled to
accompany his principal to Birmingham that afternoon, for a conference
was to be held in that city on the following day.

"I may be away for a day or two, dear," he had said.  "But in the
meanwhile discover all you can."

Boyne went direct from Hammersmith to Pont Street, where he found that
his wife had gone out to dinner.  She would be back soon after ten, the
young man-servant informed him.

Therefore he went to his room and put on evening clothes—a very
smartly-cut suit with white waist-coat and mother-of-pearl and diamond
buttons.  As he stood before the long cheval glass, examining himself
after he had tied his cravat and put on his coat, the transformation, he
thought, was surely complete.  Nobody meeting him in that luxuriously
furnished house would ever have recognised in him the trudging,
hard-working insurance agent of Hammersmith.

He descended to the drawing-room, but his wife did not return till past
ten.  She was in a strikingly handsome gown of black-and-gold tissue,
with a shimmering ornament in her hair, while around her neck was a rope
of splendid pearls.

"Well, Lilla!" he exclaimed pleasantly, as he threw himself lazily into
a soft arm-chair.  "I’m glad you’re back early.  Where are we to meet
Ena?"

"At Murray’s, at eleven.  Then we go on to the Carlton to supper," was
her reply.  "Remember our name to-night is Davidson, and we live at
Welsford Hall, in Northamptonshire.  Ena wants to introduce us to Mrs.
Morrison."

"But Mrs. Morrison is likely to meet one of us again, and it might be
awkward," the man remarked, as he slowly lit a cigarette.

"She is not likely to meet us again—except at Ena’s house—is she?" said
his wife, with a curious expression in her narrow eyes.

"No, I suppose not—if all goes right, and there is no hitch," he said
reflectively.

"Hitch!  How can there be a hitch?" asked Lilla. "Ena will do her part,
while you do yours."

"When does Ena propose that the little affair shall be done?" he asked.

"Next Saturday—if that suits you?"

"Saturday," he repeated again reflectively, as he examined his
cigarette.  "It will take about nine to ten days, so on the following
Monday or Tuesday week it should be complete."

"It ought to be, Bernard.  We shall soon be wanting more money, you
know.  We’ve been spending freely and investing a lot of late.  Ena was
here this afternoon.  Mrs. Morrison came up from Brighton this morning
in order to go to the theatre with her, and meet us at supper
afterwards.  You can tell her how you hunt with the Fitzwilliam and Lord
Exeter’s hounds.  She knows nothing of fox-hunting, and it will impress
her."

"Yes.  Ena has told me the woman is just the widow of a Glasgow man who
has plenty of money, but who knows practically nothing of English
society."

"Why Ena is so keen that we should meet the woman, I can’t think," Lilla
remarked.

"Well, to tell you the truth, I suggested it," was his reply.  "When she
invites her to dine we shall be there.  It looks better for Ena to have
other guests, especially if—well, if anything happened."

"I hope nothing untoward will happen," she exclaimed quickly.

"No," he laughed.  "Don’t worry, my dear.  It is all plain sailing.  We
shall cash a big cheque before long—depend upon it!  But time is getting
on.  We ought to get along to Murray’s and meet them on arrival."

Therefore the pair put on their coats, and a taxi being called, they
drove to Murray’s, where they awaited the arrival of Mrs. Pollen and her
guest.

Ten minutes later they came.  The red-haired widow was dressed superbly,
and wore wonderful beads of Chinese jade.  Her companion, handsome and
also well-dressed, expressed delight when her hostess introduced her to
her old friends, Mr. and Mrs. Davidson.  The latter both became
extremely affable, appearing very pleased when Ena told them, what they
already knew—namely, that she had reserved a table at the Carlton for
supper.

Then the four drove in a taxi to Pall Mall, where they had a very
pleasant meal.

Mrs. Morrison, of Carsphairn, was a hard-headed and sensible woman.  She
cared but little for the so-called excitements of society, but that
evening she had greatly enjoyed the play, and now as she gazed around at
the smart crowd coming in and taking the tables allotted to them, the
daring and often magnificent dresses, and the host of good-looking men,
it was something of a novelty to her.

"Before my husband’s death I travelled a good deal on the Continent,"
she explained to Mrs. Davidson.  "But nowadays I remain mostly in
Scotland.  I entertain a few people at Carsphairn for the shooting, but
beyond that I live very quietly."

"So do we," Lilla replied.  "We are just country cousins.  Our place is
in the wilds of Northamptonshire, and my husband hunts a good deal."

"Ah!  Northamptonshire and Leicestershire are the centre of fox-hunting,
are they not?" said the Scotch woman, addressing Mr. Davidson.

"Yes.  We have several packs within easy reach, though Welsford, where
we live, is, strictly speaking, in the Fitzwilliam country.  I love
hunting," he added.

"My husband even goes cubbing at four o’clock in the morning sometimes,"
laughed Mrs. Davidson.

"Ah!  He is evidently an enthusiast!" Mrs. Morrison agreed.  "My husband
was a fisherman, and I confess I had to go with him on some very dull
expeditions in the north of Scotland and in Ireland."

"That’s the worst of men," Lilla declared.  "If they take up hunting,
fishing, or golf, it becomes an obsession.  They talk of nothing else."

And so the chatter about hunting and hunting men continued, apparently
to the intense amusement of Ena Pollen—or "Mrs. Morrison" as she was
known to the Manchester solicitor and the doctors who had pronounced her
life to be a "first-class" one.

The orchestra was playing one of the latest waltzes, and the big
restaurant was filled with chatter and laughter.  Surely none who sat
there that night and noticed the three ladies and their male companion
as they drank their champagne, and ate that supper dish of the London
restaurants, _mousse de jambon_ served from the ice, would ever have
dreamed that a most diabolical plot was in progress, a conspiracy the
most subtle and fiendish that the evil mind of man could ever devise.

Ena Pollen was, of course, the life and soul of the party.  Very
handsome, with her auburn hair and her bizarre dress, she was regarded
by half the people in the restaurant.  Some of them knew her by sight as
a regular habituée of the smart restaurants and dance-clubs, for it was
part of the great game which the heartless trio was playing for her to
be remarked and regarded as a woman of outstanding grace and beauty.

Men courted her society, and in more than one instance—if the truth be
whispered—had been hurried to the grave in consequence.

The quartette, after a delightful meal, took their coffee and Cointreau
at a little table set beneath a palm out in the hall.  Mrs. Morrison had
become as charmed with Mrs. Davidson as she had been with Ena Pollen.

"You must come up and see me at Carsphairn," she urged Lilla.  "No doubt
your husband, living in the country, shoots.  I can give him some grouse
in the season.  We have a fair amount of game on our moor at
Balmaclellan."

"I shall be delighted, Mrs. Morrison," was Davidson’s reply; as he
lifted his eyes to Mrs. Pollen they exchanged significant glances.

Then, after a merry chat, Ena suddenly said:

"Can’t all three of you dine with me at home one evening?  You are not
going North yet, are you, Mrs. Morrison?  Do come.  What about next
Saturday?"

"I’m going back to Brighton to-morrow," was her reply.

"But you can easily run up on Saturday.  Do. Let us dine early and go to
a show together, eh?" she suggested with her usual enthusiasm.  "You’ll
come, Lilla, won’t you?"

Mrs. Davidson hesitated.  She replied that she feared that she had an
engagement that evening, and her husband was certain that he had.

"Oh, now, do come!" urged the Red Widow. "If Mrs. Morrison will come,
you really must come."

Then, after a few half-hearted arguments and protests, Mrs. Morrison
accepted the invitation and the Davidsons did likewise.  And so the
quiet little dinner was fixed, Ena promising to get a box at some
theatre.

"Then we will go to Murray’s or Giro’s afterwards," she added.

Later, when Boyne and his wife were together in a taxi on their way to
Pont Street, Lilla turned to him, and said:

"It all seems to go well if you can be ready by Saturday.  If you can’t,
then we shall be in the cart!"

"Leave it all to me," he said in a hard, changed voice.  "We shall be at
Upper Brook Street on Saturday, and I hope we shall be successful.  It
won’t be my fault if we fail."




                             *CHAPTER XII*

                       *THE PERSON FROM UPSTAIRS*


Marigold Ramsay, still pretending her sudden and unaccountable illness,
lay upon a narrow iron bedstead in the spare room of Bernard Boyne’s
house, listening, and unable to sleep.  She was there as a watch-dog.

Time after time she heard the bells of St. Paul’s, Hammersmith, chiming
the hours, but there was no sound below.  Mr. Boyne had not returned.

The night was sultry and her window was slightly open.  As she lay
awake, she wondered what strange secret could be hidden in that house of
mystery.  Her aunt suspected nothing.  That was evident, or she would
have mentioned it to her.  To old Mrs. Felmore, Bernard Boyne was a good
and patient master, the persevering honest man which all Hammersmith
judged him to be.  None dreamed that he led such a curious double life
of dusty tramping by day, and enjoying himself in the gay haunts of the
West End by night.

It was nearly half-past two when a taxi set him down at the end of
Hammersmith Bridge, and he walked to that house covered with virginia
creeper. Not recollecting the fact that Marigold might still be there,
and knowing that old Mrs. Felmore would not hear him enter, he placed
his key in the latch and entered, closing the door heavily, as was his
wont.

Marigold, on the alert, heard him.  He went along the narrow, stuffy
passage into his sitting-room.  The girl sprang from her bed, put on the
dressing-gown her aunt had lent her, and opened the door noiselessly.
She heard the click of a lock in the room below, and knew that Boyne was
giving Nibby his food, as he did every night without fail.  Mrs. Felmore
always left him something, meat or biscuit, to give the tame rat each
night before he retired.

"Nibby" was Mr. Boyne’s weird obsession; Mrs. Felmore hated it, but it
was in its cage living in the cupboard by day, and allowed to run about
the room at night, nibbling the evening newspaper or the old-fashioned
furniture, for it was as destructive as all its race.  One day Mrs.
Felmore found that it had gnawed the corner of the carpet, while on the
next she discovered that it had made a hole into the door of the
cupboard opposite that in which it lived.  And rat-holes are unsightly,
to say the least.

As Marigold listened she heard Mr. Boyne speaking to his pet.

"Now then, you’ve had enough, Nibby!  Get back, you elusive little
dear!"  And she heard him chasing him across the floor.

Then he unlocked another cupboard, and a few minutes later he came out
into the passage and ascended the stairs.  In consequence she closed her
own door noiselessly, slipped the bolt, and stood listening.  He passed
her door, and then ascended the next flight of stairs, therefore she
reopened her door instantly and, looking out, saw his form disappearing
round the corner of the next landing.

She held her breath.  He was dressed in that long hooded cloak of white,
just as she had seen him on that well-remembered night weeks ago.  He
was on his way to that locked room, and carried in his hand food for its
imprisoned occupant!

Dare she follow him?  She was there at Gerald’s suggestion, and it was
for her to discover all she could.  As she listened she heard the key
being put into the Yale lock of that strong door at the top of the
stairs.  She heard him enter, the latch clicking behind him.

Then she heard strange cries—cries of surprise and rage—human cries!

Summoning courage she crept noiselessly after him, listening intently.
There were no sounds of voices—only those strange cries—though, having
ascended the second flight of stairs, she could see a streak of light
beneath the door, and could hear him moving about within.  Suddenly,
just as she was about to ascend the third flight, she heard him approach
the door and open it.  Instantly she drew back and flew down into her
room.  And none too quickly, for a second later they would have
encountered each other face to face.

Boyne, unsuspicious of being watched, for so occupied was he that he had
forgotten Marigold’s presence in the house, returned to his
sitting-room, divested himself of the hideous disguise which he always
wore when visiting the locked room, and then reascended to bed.

The girl lay awake for hours until, wearied out, she fell asleep till
her aunt brought her some tea.

"Don’t let Mr. Boyne know that I’ve stayed here to-night, auntie," she
said, getting up hurriedly. "I’ll get away before he comes down.  I
don’t want him to know I’ve been so ill."

The old woman read her lips and nodded, saying in a whisper:

"As soon as you’re gone, dear, I’ll make the bed."

"I don’t want any breakfast.  I’ll get to the City early, and have it
there."

And this she did.

When Boyne came down to breakfast he asked his housekeeper how her niece
was, to which she replied that she had recovered at about ten o’clock on
the previous night and gone home to Wimbledon.

Saturday was always an "off" day with Mr. Boyne. Working people did not
pay their weekly insurance premiums till Monday.  Saturday is the
half-day with the working class as Wednesday is with the shop-keeping
community.  Now on that particular Saturday Bernard Boyne, at eleven
o’clock in the forenoon, sent Mrs. Felmore to King Street to buy him a
tin of tomato soup.  He wrote down the brand on an old envelope.  And he
wanted nothing else.

"If one grocer has not got it, another has, no doubt.  If you can’t get
it in Hammersmith go down to Chiswick or Bedford Park," he said.
"You’ll find it somewhere."

And the old woman, whose shopping successes were always marvellous
considering her stone deafness, went forth, little dreaming that such a
brand as that he had written down was non-existent.

So all the morning until well into the afternoon Bernard Boyne had the
house entirely to himself.  As soon as she had gone, Boyne put on his
white disguise and, rushing upstairs to the locked room, opened it.

"Now then!" he shouted roughly.  "Are you ready?  Have you dressed yet?
No—you haven’t. Now put it on—quick.  Come out and get some air. It’s
stifling in this place!"

He waited at the door, whereupon a white figure, dressed exactly the
same as himself, emerged, and slowly and painfully came down the stairs.

The two weird figures, linked arm in arm, descended to Boyne’s parlour,
whereupon in an authoritative tone he ordered the strange creature to be
seated.

"Sit there!" he said.  "And I’ll open the window.  You want a bit of air
and exercise."

"Food!  Food!" came the words, weak and squeaky behind the hideous mask.

"Very well.  I’ll go and get you some.  But you can’t eat it yet.  Not
till you’re back again in your own room.  Food!" he said roughly, with a
sneer.  "You’re always wanting food and water. Fortunately the cistern
is up there, or I’d have to carry up every drop for you.  But your food
I never forget, do I, eh?" he shouted, as though the strange figure was
as deaf as old Mrs. Felmore.

The hooded figure, huddled in the arm-chair, only shrugged its
shoulders.

From the voice it was impossible to tell the sex of the individual.  The
tone was weak, squeaky, and quite unnatural.

"Now, tell me, what have you done?" asked Boyne.  "How is it
progressing?  I know you must be lonely sometimes, but it can’t be
helped.  You are not fit to mix with us, you know.  And you exist upon
my charity.  I am always good to you! Understand that!"

"I—I know," squeaked the figure, whose white cloak was soiled and
stained, while those two long slits for the eyes under the pointed hood
gave it a most weird and forbidding appearance.

"I hope you appreciate all I’ve done for you," Boyne went on.  "If I had
not risked all this, where would you have been—tried and executed in the
hangman’s noose.  But I have done my best—though often you don’t
appreciate it."

"I—I do!" cried the voice from behind that strange disguise.  "And I do
all that you tell me," it whined.

"Very well," laughed Boyne.  "We’ll let it rest at that.  The failure
you lately had put me right in the cart.  We mustn’t have another.
Remember that!  Let it sink into your brain.  You are clever, I know.
But a single slip and both of us will go where we don’t want to!"

"I know!  I know!  Yes—yes," replied the huddled figure.  "But it was
the weather—always the weather.  And it is so hot under that roof."

"Weather be hanged!" replied Boyne.  "This is winter—cold winter!—and
yet you believe it to be summer."

As a matter of fact, it was hot summer weather, yet Boyne was trying to
impress upon his companion that heat was cold, and vice versa.

The two weird figures in white cloaks, with only slits for the eyes,
like Brothers of the Misericordia of Mediæval Italy, only in white,
instead of black, sat opposite each other.  Boyne was giving to his
prisoner a breath of air, and a change in his living room.

A few minutes later the strange occupant of the locked room uttered the
single word:

"Nibby?"

"Oh, yes, dear little Nibby is here," was Boyne’s reply.

Rising, he fumbled beneath his cloak, and with his key unlocked the
cupboard and opened the cage, from which the tame rat darted down and
across the room.  A second later he was sniffing the cloak of the figure
from upstairs, running around the hem of the cloak with his little pink
nose, while the wearer of the cloak put down a hand to be smelt, saying:

"Nibby, my dear little Nibby, that I have lost so long!"

In all London no scene in broad daylight could have been more weird than
that at noon on a summer morning in Bridge Place, Hammersmith.

Boyne, the mystery man, held in such high esteem from Addison Road to
Kew, sat there with the poor crouching figure as his victim.  Behind
those long narrow slits in the white fabric showed a pair of dark,
deep-sunken eyes—eyes that were inhuman and unnatural.

The voice from behind the mask was metallic and squeaky.  Whether the
person was a man or a woman could not be conjectured.  The high-pitched
note was feminine.

"Am I not good to you to allow you this little relaxation?" asked Boyne.
"You don’t often get it, I admit, for the old deaf crone is always
about, and I can seldom get rid of her."

"I—I felt—I felt very ill—last week.  Days ago!" croaked the mysterious
occupant of the locked room.

"I go up to you every day.  You never complained. You are usually asleep
when I come up."

"You come up at night.  But all day I look out from the window over the
roofs towards the river."

"River!  What do you mean?  There is no river here.  It is a desert—a
desert of bricks and mortar. You dream."

"Yes—yes.  I dream!  I—I’m always dreaming," was the response.

It was evident that Boyne held his half-imbecile prisoner completely in
his power, and that all the orders of the insurance agent were obeyed.

Into the room strayed a ray of summer sunlight across the threadbare
green carpet, lighting up the dingy old place.

The stranger from upstairs saw it, and squeaked:

"Look!  It’s summer—summer!"

"Summer!" cried the man who held him enthralled.  "You’re dreaming!
It’s winter.  We get sun in winter sometimes.  Surely you know
that—dense as you are."

"I’m not dense," came the protest.  "I do all you ask—fine jobs, too."

"You’re dense about sunshine," Boyne repeated.

"Ah! yes.  But not about the rats.  Where’s Nibby?"

Boyne caught the little animal and gave it into the hands of the strange
figure, who stroked its sleek coat.

Suddenly the weird form in the soiled white disguise sprang to its feet
without warning, and, facing its jailer, shrieked:

"Ah!  But who are you?  Who are you?  I’m beginning to realise the truth
at last—_yes—at last_!"




                             *CHAPTER XIII*

                    *RELATES A STRANGE CONVERSATION*


"Who _are_ you?" shrieked the weird, hooded figure in the white cloak in
a fierce voice, standing up suddenly above the seated man who was in
exactly similar disguise.

The pair, one seated, and the other having suddenly sprung up, faced
each other.  The smaller, and apparently weaker figure had assumed a
distinctly offensive attitude.  His eyes shone behind the narrow slits.

"Fool!" laughed Boyne, who was seated.  "Sit down, you idiotic fool!"
And he waved his hand in contempt.  "If I had not looked after you, and
hidden you here, you would long ago have been given over to the hangman.
Just remember that!" he shouted loudly.  "Sink that into your skull,
sleepy brain!"

"But—but," faltered the figure.  "But who are you?  You are not Wisden!"

Boyne, disguised in his white cloak with hood—the two presenting the
most weird spectacle in the light of day in that dingy room in
Hammersmith—started, then hesitated for a second.

"Yes," he replied, in a hard voice.  "I am Wisden!  Now you know!
Wisden, of Twywell! Do you recollect the name?"

"You—Wisden!" gasped the person whose countenance was disguised by that
hideous hood. "I—I——!"  And he sank back into his chair.

"Now you know, you accursed fool!" exclaimed the mystery man.  "And let
that also sink into your silly noddle.  Further, keep a still tongue.
Be silent when you are up there, for people may listen and hear you.  If
they do, then you’ll be discovered, and your death will be quick.
Recollect that they are waiting for you—the affair isn’t forgotten."

"No," sighed the weird figure.  "No—I know it hasn’t been forgotten.  My
crime!—_my crime_!"

"Yes.  But don’t refer to it.  Just keep a level head, my dear Lionel,
as you always do.  I will still look after you if you remain silent and
do what I order.  I will supply you with everything.  But be very
careful that when I carry you up your food you don’t speak.  Somebody
might overhear.  These cursed walls have ears, although the old woman
Felmore is deaf.  Do you understand me?" he asked in a more imperative
voice, rising, taking him by the shoulders, and shaking him.  "Now tell
me—you understand—eh?"

"Yes, yes!" the other gibbered in a strange tone.  "You—Wisden—Willie
Wisden!  Oh, yes! I—I see!  Dear old Willie, who was with me at Monte
Carlo.  Oh, yes!  _And that beautiful microscope_?"

"You’ve got it upstairs.  Don’t you recollect it? Why, I gave it to you
in the Terminus Hotel, in Marseilles, three years ago.  Are you growing
foolish?  Surely not!"

"Yes.  Oh, yes!  I recollect now—the beautiful mike—oh, yes!  Oh, what
that instrument must have cost—oh, what a lot!—what a lot of money!"

"It did cost a good bit.  And it’s yours.  So don’t worry.  I’ll look
after you, Lionel.  But don’t play the fool, or you’ll go to the gallows
over that unfortunate little affair—I warn you!  Scotland Yard is
looking everywhere for you, and they would have had you long ago if I
hadn’t taken you in hand and had pity upon you."

For a few moments the strange figure huddled in the chair remained
silent.

"Yes—I know.  And—and Lilla?" he asked.

"She’s dead—died a year ago," was Boyne’s prompt reply.

"Lilla dead!" sighed the other.  "Poor Lilla! She was a very good wife
to you—just as Alice was to me!  Poor Lilla!"

"Don’t you bother about my personal affairs, Lionel.  Just keep your own
end up, and breathe the bit of fresh air now while you can before you go
back to your own quarters.  I don’t like you getting up through that
trap-door on to the roof. Somebody might see you one night."

"My quarters!  My prison, you mean!" he retorted bitterly.

"Prison?  Fool, what are you saying?  Your room is surely comfortable,
and I do my best for you.  If you want to get out—do so.  And you’ll be
arrested by the first police constable who comes along."

"But it is prison!" replied the mysterious figure in a voice asking for
pity.  "Prison!"

"Well—take your liberty, and take the consequences," the other responded
roughly.

"Look what I do!  I’m always working for you—always!"

Boyne laughed harshly.

"Very well!  Give it up, and I’ll fling you out into the gutter—now—just
as you are!  I shan’t suffer," he added, "but you will!  By gad you
will!"

The man from upstairs cringed and drew his breath.

"No!  No!  Wisden!  No!—don’t do that!  I’ll do all you ask—all!
Alice—my dear Alice—always said you were my best friend—my very best
friend."

"And so I am, my dear fellow!" exclaimed Boyne.  "I’ve done my best for
you all along—all along."

"Look!" cried the lonely man who lived upstairs, and whose movements
were never heard by deaf old Mrs. Felmore.  "What’s that?"

And with a shriek of horror he pointed to a corner of the dingy room.

"What?  I don’t see anything!" was Boyne’s reply.  "You’ve got one of
those spooky fits of yours coming on again.  You’d better go back."

"I don’t want to go back," whined the person whose Christian name was
Lionel.  "Surely you won’t send me back, Wisden?"

"Yes; for your own sake you must lie low.  Try to understand what I say.
We are mutually interested in each other.  It is to the advantage of
both that you should remain here.  I am not your jailer, recollect.  If
you wish, you can walk out now.  But I warn you that you will walk
straight into the hangman’s noose.  Scotland Yard and the Old Bailey are
awaiting you, and are ready, never fear."

"But where’s Alice?" asked the squeaky voice.

"Alice is dead."

"Are you sure?  How and where did she die?"

"In Avignon.  In a house close behind the Pope’s Palace.  Surely you
remember?  You were there."

"I wasn’t there.  I swear I was not.  When we were in Avignon we were
all happy together.  Alice with me, and you with Lilla."

"My dear boy, your memory is at fault.  Did you not stay in Avignon
while Lilla and I motored to Paris?  Now think!  Did you not take an
apartment in the Rue Cardinale, and remain after our departure?  Alice,
your wife, died there!  Why, only a few minutes ago you deplored her
loss!"

"Yes.  But how can I be certain that she is dead?" asked the other
dubiously.

"Because I tell you she is.  I’m not a liar!" cried Boyne fiercely,
again assuming an overbearing attitude.

"But I want to go home—to see my home again—the garden—the flowers—and
Alice."

"You’ll never see her again.  And you are safer here.  So you had better
go back to your room and keep a still tongue.  And be careful not to
make a noise.  You made a horrible row the other night."

"I didn’t!"

"Yes, you did.  I could hear you moving about above me.  You should move
your bed across to the other side, near the trap-door that goes out on
to the roof of which you are so fond."

"Ah! because I get air.  But I only open it and go out after it’s dark,
I assure you."

"Well, you’ve got plenty of stores.  I bring you bread and fresh meat
and vegetables, and you’ve got the cistern full of water.  Why, if I
went away for for a month or six weeks you wouldn’t starve.  I always
see to that.  And look what it costs me!" exclaimed the humble insurance
agent.

"Ah!  Nibby.  Dear little Nibby!" cried the weird man from upstairs in
that inhuman, high-pitched voice, as he noticed the tame rat dart across
the threadbare carpet.

"Yes, Nibby knows you!" laughed the man Boyne.  "He’s a dear little
fellow, isn’t he?"

"Yes.  I miss him after so long," replied the man.  "Can’t I take him
upstairs with me?" he asked piteously.

"No, he would gnaw through the door to get back to me, and old mother
Felmore would find rats in the place.  She knows of Nibby, but we don’t
want to arouse her curiosity.  Women, deaf or not, are always dangerous
when one has secrets."

"And how is Mrs. Pollen—eh?"

"Mrs. Pollen!" echoed Boyne.  "Whom do you mean?"

"Why, Ena Pollen, the friend of Lilla.  You know the woman—tall,
handsome, red-haired.  She worked a dirty trick upon some man she met.
They had supper at the Ritz.  He died, and nobody suspected.  Ugh!
Isn’t it funny how one can lead a crooked life and everyone think one
perfectly honest?"

"Well, you’re not honest, my dear Lionel," laughed Bernard Boyne.  "If
it had not been for me I repeat you’d have been hanged for that affair
two years ago."

The man in the hooded cloak shuddered.

"Yes," he replied in a changed voice.  "You are right; I owe everything
to you, and that’s why I do all you ask of me.  They say there is no
genius without lunacy.  So I suppose you think me a lunatic—eh?"

"I don’t think, Lionel—I know you are," Boyne responded.  "You’ve acted
as a silly fool, and you made a serious slip in killing the girl, but
I’m trying to save you from the police.  They are still hunting over all
Europe for you."

"But did I kill her, Wisden?  Did I?  I don’t remember it!"

"Remember it.  Why, you’ve got no memory. You only remember all your
science and your wonderful knowledge—a knowledge unequalled. Yes! you
killed her, and by an ace I rescued you from arrest.  You recollect
little Maggie?"

"Ah! yes.  I—I know what you mean!" gasped the other.  "Little Maggie!
But I didn’t kill her!"

"You did.  Your damnable criminal instincts led you to kill her, and
that’s why Scotland Yard is searching daily for you!"

"Maggie!  I—I killed Maggie!"

"Yes, you did—and you know it, you infernal hypocrite!" cried Boyne.
"Now, don’t try to argue.  I’m in my right senses.  You aren’t!  I
haven’t time or inclination to have a war of words over it.  Besides,"
he added, glancing at his watch, "Mrs. Felmore will be back at any
minute, so you must get upstairs again—and without delay."

"But can’t I go home?  I—I want to see my garden—the flowers——"

"No!" snapped Boyne.  "You can’t.  You’ll stay here."

"Do let me go—_do_," pleaded the other in that curious high-pitched
voice.  "I do want to see my garden again."

"You’ll see the inside of a prison if you are not very careful," Boyne
declared in a warning tone.  "So don’t think about going home."

"But am I never to go home?"

"At your own risk.  Remember, I’ll take no responsibility.  Your
description and photograph are in every police-station here and on the
Continent, and, as I’ve told you lots of times, the moment you step
outside into the street you will court danger. You’ll be arrested by the
first policeman who sees you!"

"Surely I may go home—if only for a day!  You could take me there."

"Later on, perhaps," Boyne said encouragingly, in a tone which he would
have adopted to a child. "For the present you must remain where you are,
safe.  And don’t make a noise, otherwise somebody may hear you," he
urged.

"I don’t make any noise.  I’m always so careful. And I only go out on
the roof at night."

"The less you go out there the better," growled the insurance agent.  "I
run risks every time I come up to bring your food.  Only the other day
Mrs. Felmore was saying that Nibby seemed to have an enormous appetite.
That’s why I’ve brought you up that store of tinned stuff."

"I haven’t had any tea for a week."

"But you’ve got your gas-ring and your kettle."

"The kettle leaks."

"Then why the deuce didn’t you tell me that before?  I’ll bring you a
new one to-day."

"And some fresh milk and some eggs.  I’ve tasted none for weeks."

"Well, if you are in hiding you must put up with what food you can get,"
growled Boyne.  "I do my best for you—and even now you’re not
satisfied."

"I want to go home."

"Home?  For them to know that you’re still in London?  They all think
you’ve escaped to Greece, and got clean away.  That’s what I told them."

The man so strangely disguised drew a long breath.

"Ah! if only I could have got away," he murmured wistfully.

"Yes, it would have saved me a lot of bother, wouldn’t it?" snarled the
other.  "No; be patient, and be grateful."

"I am grateful, Wisden—very grateful."

"You’re not!  You’re a dissatisfied hound who deserves no pity or
consideration.  I do my best and shelter you, and all you do in return
is to grumble."

"Oh! but you don’t know how lonely it is up there.  I sit all day
alone."

"And sleep your hours away!  Look at me, trudging about all day long for
next to nothing. True, I have freedom, but there’s no charge against me
as there is against you."

"No!" cried the man Lionel in his squeaky voice. "But there may be one
day, remember!  There may be!"

"Don’t be a fool!" snapped Boyne.  "Get back to your den, and lie low."

"I shan’t!"

"What—you defy me—eh?"

"Yes.  I know you—who you are!" shouted the mysterious man.  "You’re
_not_ Wisden.  _Your voice is not his_!"

"Infernal idiot!  So you’ve got another attack coming on, have you!
Come, get up," for he had sunk into a chair again.  Pulling him up, he
shook him roughly by the shoulder, saying: "Get up, and come along."

"I won’t!" he cried sullenly.  "I tell you I won’t go up there any
more!"

"Very well then, I’ll fling you out into the street now, just as you
are.  You’d cut a fine figure, wouldn’t you?"

"I don’t care!"

"All right.  If you don’t care, come along and get out of my house."
And he took him again by the shoulder and hustled him out of the room
towards the front door.

"What do you mean to do?" asked the mysterious prisoner in a frightened
voice.

"Do!" Boyne echoed fiercely.  "Why, kick you out!  I’m sick of trying to
help such an unthankful blackguard."

"I—I’m not unthankful," he declared.  "I’ll go back."

"Ah!  I thought you wouldn’t relish being put into the hands of the
police—eh?" laughed Boyne. "Go upstairs."

The hooded man turned towards the stairs with a disconsolate sigh, but
without further words.  He saw that all argument was useless.

"Come!" whispered Boyne, whose quick ear had caught a sound in the
kitchen below.  "Mrs. Felmore is back!  By gad! hustle up—quickly."

And the man painfully climbed back to his secret hiding-place, the door
of which Boyne closed just as Mrs. Felmore arrived at the foot of the
stairs in search of her master.

"Curse the fellow!" Boyne muttered beneath his breath.  "He’s growing
defiant, and that means trouble for us—serious trouble!"




                             *CHAPTER XIV*

                          *ON SATURDAY NIGHT*


The events of that particular Saturday were of such portent that it is
necessary to describe them in some little detail.

When the Man from Upstairs had safely escaped from Mrs. Felmore’s
observation, and Boyne had expressed regret that her shopping expedition
had been fruitless, the honest insurance agent ate the frugal lunch
which his housekeeper put before him, and then went out.

An hour later he returned with a large parcel, which he smuggled in away
from the deaf old woman, and ten minutes later, pretending to have
forgotten, he sent her out to buy some postage stamps.

So she put on her hat in calm obedience, and once more went forth into
King Street.

As soon as she had gone, Boyne opened the parcel, which contained a new
tin kettle and a quantity of groceries and provisions, and then sprang
up the stairs, unlocked the door with his key, and entered the secret
abode.

He was there for about three-quarters of an hour. He heard Mrs. Felmore
come in, but took no heed. If she knew that he was upstairs, she would
no doubt believe that he was looking out some of his insurance papers.

About half-past three Boyne came forth, and, locking the heavy door,
descended to his sitting-room with a satisfied smile upon his smug
countenance. What had happened in that locked room evidently pleased
him.  He went to the nearest telephone call-office, and ten minutes
later was speaking with his wife in Pont Street.

"You, Lilla?" he asked, recognising her voice. "It’s all right!  I shall
go to Ena’s at six, and then come on to you.  Have you heard anything?"

"Yes.  She’s come up from Brighton, and not being able to get a room in
any of the big hotels, has gone into a private one at Lancaster Gate.
Is all correct?"

"Yes.  See you after I’ve seen Ena," was his reply, and he rang off.

Back again he went to Bridge Place, and at half-past five left for Upper
Brook Street.  He, however, did not pass the inquisitive hall-porter,
but entered by the servants’ way, for he was by no means well-dressed.

Inside Ena Pollen’s flat, he walked to the drawing-room, where the Red
Widow joined him, asking anxiously:

"Well, how goes it, my dear Bernard?"

"All progresses as we would wish.  I thought I’d run up here before I go
to Lilla’s to change.  Where is Mrs. Morrison?"

"At Lancaster Gate.  At a private hotel I recommended. I urged her to
remain in town for a week or ten days, and she’s consented."

"Excellent.  What’s the place like?"

"Oh! quiet and eminently respectable.  Mostly rich old fogies from the
country go there.  I thought it would be better to remain in touch with
her, you know."

And the Red Widow laughed grimly.

"I’ve got the table set ready.  Come and see it," she urged.  And she
took him into the adjoining dining-room, a handsome apartment, with
carved oak furniture and several old and valuable paintings upon the
walls.  Upon the circular polished table the plates were set upon small
mats in the latest vogue, while both the silver and glass were ancient.
Covers were laid for four, the decorations consisting of only two
long-stem glasses of pale-pink carnations. Taste and delicacy were
displayed everywhere, especially in the antique Georgian plate, with the
genuine Queen Anne "montieth" as a centre-piece.

"Will it do?" she asked.  "I laid it myself."

"It is perfect!  It will impress her with your sense of the artistic,
Ena," he declared.  "I hope the meal you will give us will be as
refined."

"I hope so," she laughed.  "In a sense—a certain sense—it will be more
so."

He laughed at the hidden meaning contained in that remark.  Then he
glanced around the room, and recollected the great expense which the
preliminaries of that single meal had entailed.

"I’ve asked her for half-past seven," Mrs. Pollen said, "so you’d better
go over and dress, and get here a little late.  She’ll settle down
before you come. Then you can both apologise.  Of course, we’ve not met
since that evening at the Carlton."

"Right, I quite understand," he said.  "Where is she to sit?"

"There—with her back to the sideboard."

Boyne nodded approval.

The Red Widow opened the cupboard on the left-hand of the sideboard,
where he saw in a row four beautiful liqueur glasses, delicately cut,
with square stems.  His quick eye examined them, and he took out one.
It was exactly the same as the other three except that it had a round
stem.

He held it in his fingers for a second, and a sinister smile played
about his lips.

"Yes—I see!" he remarked.  "She likes liqueurs.  Most women do."

"Especially Cointreau.  They like the subtle flavour of tangerine
orange," laughed Ena.  "Don’t you recollect what she said about it at
the Carlton—that it is her favourite drink with coffee?"

"Yes.  And we, of course, indulge her!"

"Indulge!" echoed the woman.  "A nice word, truly!"

Boyne was twisting the liqueur glass he had selected in his fingers.

"I wish you’d get me a cocktail, Ena," he said. "I’m dying for one."

"Then I’ll get you one at once.  There’s none here.  I’ll go into the
kitchen and mix one—gin and French vermouth, with a dash of anisette and
lemon—eh?"

"Exactly.  That’s what I want.  You’re a dear," replied the man, and the
widow left to prepare it.

A few minutes later she returned with a small glass on a silver tray.
He took it, and swallowed the contents at two gulps.

"By Jove!  Excellent.  Johnnie at the Ritz couldn’t make a better, Ena.
But you were always famed for your corpse-revivers!"

"Glad you like it.  Now get away at once, or you’ll have no time."

"Mind the glass!" he said in a serious voice.

"I’ll see after it all right, never fear.  You do your work and I do
mine—eh?  Now get away, and don’t arrive before a quarter to eight or
so."

"Yours to obey, Ena," was his response, and he at once slipped out by
the servants’ entrance into the mews, and, hailing a taxi a few minutes
later, drove to Pont Street.

On arrival he at once met his wife, who was anxiously awaiting him in
the drawing-room.

"All right, Lilla!  Don’t worry.  Things all go well," he assured her.
"I’ve seen Ena, and we shall have a very delightful dinner.  We go to
the new revue at the Hippodrome afterwards, and then on to Giro’s for
supper—a very delightful evening."

"And then——?" asked his wife, looking him straight in the face.

"Well—and then a little affair of business—eh?"

Lilla laughed at the grimace her husband made.

Boyne left her at once, and ascending to his bedroom, shaved, exchanged
his clothes for a smart evening suit, and carefully brushed his hair,
until, when he descended, he presented the ideal man-about-town whose
evening clothes were well worn and who wore his soft-fronted shirt as
one accustomed to it every night.  The man unused to the claw-hammer
coat is always to be noticed in a crowd, just as is the woman who,
putting on an evening frock occasionally, hitches it up on the shoulder
and is palpably uncomfortable in it.

Bernard Boyne wore his clothes, whether the dusty suit of the
Hammersmith insurance agent or the smart evening clothes in which he
pursued his nocturnal peregrinations in the West End, with equal grace
and ease.

When he rejoined his wife in the pretty drawing-room he presented a very
different figure from the man who had sat in that ugly white cloak with
the slits for eyes in that dingy, creeper-covered house in Hammersmith.

He rang the bell, and, ordering a taxi, lit a cigarette, and awaited it.

Lilla was splendidly dressed in a gown of navy blue and gold brocade,
cut very low, with shoes and stockings to match.  In her hair was a long
osprey which well matched the gorgeous gown, the latest creation of
Petticoat Lane—the writer begs pardon of his lady readers for such
irreverent mention of Dover Street, Piccadilly, that street in which the
latest fashions of feminine frippery have their birth, and to which the
mere man sends his cheques in consequence of recurring crazes.

When together in the taxi, Lilla said:

"Now be extremely careful.  This Scotch woman is very canny.  Remember
that!  If we made a slip it would land us all in—well, at a very dead
end."

"Don’t be anxious, Lilla.  I never like you when you grow anxious,
because anxiety always brings us bad luck.  And we don’t want that
to-night—do we?  Eat your dinner and think of nothing—only of the revue
at the Hippodrome.  Leave Ena and myself to it.  Don’t bother—or you may
arouse suspicion."

Later, when they alighted in Upper Brook Street just before eight
o’clock, the uniformed hall-porter touched his cap as they entered and
took them up in the lift.

"Oh! my dear Ena," cried Lilla, as the two women met in the
drawing-room.  "Do forgive me—do! Bernard came in late from the club.
It’s all his fault!  It really is not mine!  I waited for him half an
hour."

"Yes, Mrs. Pollen," said Boyne penitently, "I take all responsibility
upon myself.  I had to see a man on business at the club, and the brute
was half an hour late.  So I had to rush home and dress—and here we are.
Do forgive me—won’t you?"

Ena Pollen laughed, declaring that she had overlooked the offence,
whereupon Mrs. Morrison shook Lilla’s hand warmly, and they sank into
chairs until two minutes later dinner was announced by the smart maid.

Dinner!  Bernard Boyne and Ena Pollen had given dinners before, artistic
and perfect meals which would have delighted any gourmet, even though he
had tasted the pre-war gastronomical delights of the expensive
restaurants of Moscow, Petrograd or Bucharest.

When they sat down, Ena directed Mrs. Morrison to her seat with her back
to the sideboard, saying:

"You won’t have any draught there, my dear. This room is so full of
draughts.  I don’t know where they come from!"

"I hope you are staying in town a little while, and that we shall see
something of you," said Lilla to Mrs. Morrison as they tackled their
asparagus soup.  "You must not go back to Scotland yet, you know."

"Well," replied the other, a handsome figure in her discreetly décolleté
gown, "Ena has been urging me to remain in London for a few days, but I
couldn’t get a room anywhere.  All the hotels are full up, but I at last
got in at a place in Lancaster Gate—quite comfortable, though it’s a bit
expensive."

"All hotels are terribly dear now, though, after all, hotels are cheaper
than one’s household expenses," Lilla replied.

"Well, I’ve taken my room for a week.  I may be in London longer, but I
have to visit my sister-in-law at Aviemore on the twentieth of next
month, and then I go over to Arran to my niece."

"Stay with us as long as you can, Mrs. Morrison," Boyne urged warmly.
"You must dine with us at Pont Street one night next week."

"Thanks!  I shall be delighted.  I’ve got appointments with the
dressmaker."

"And the dentist, of course," laughed Boyne. "All ladies have
appointments with their dentists.  It is the best excuse a wife can have
for the deception of a too inquisitive husband."

"Not in my case, Mr. Davidson," declared the widow of Carsphairn, with a
merry smile.  "I have no one to whom I need make excuses.  But, as it
happens, I am going to a dentist!"

"There you are!" laughed Ena.  "He divined it."

The meal went on merrily to its end, after which the maid handed round
the black coffee in exquisite little china cups, the spoons having
handles shaped like coffee beans.  Then she retired.

Ena, glancing at the old chiming clock upon the mantelshelf, suddenly
exclaimed:

"Oh! it’s getting late!  And Evans hasn’t put on the liqueurs.  I’ll get
them myself."

And rising she obtained from the sideboard four liqueur glasses,
together with bottles of old brandy, Benedictine and Triple-Sec.

"Now, dear, you’ll have your favourite Cointreau," she said, addressing
Mrs. Morrison, and pouring out a glass of the clear water-like extract
of Tangerine oranges.

"No—no thanks!" was the prompt reply.  "I really don’t want it."

"Oh, but you must!" declared her hostess, pressing her.  "I’m going to
have one, and so will you, Lilla, I’m sure."

"Oh!  yes.  I love it," declared the other woman, while Boyne glanced
eagerly to satisfy himself that the stem of Mrs. Morrison’s glass was
_round and not square_.

"Come, you must have half a glass, dear," declared Ena, and she poured
it out disregarding her guest’s half-hearted protests.

Then, the others being served, the big silver box of rose-tipped
cigarettes was opened, and they took one each.

Bernard Boyne watched the widow from Scotland sipping her small glass
with the utmost satisfaction, while the other two women were excited,
though they seemed quite cool, engaging her in conversation.

"Do you know," exclaimed Mrs. Morrison, "I grow more fond of this
liqueur each time I take it. We can’t get it in Scotland, so I order it
from London.  It is the purest of all the liqueurs, that is my belief."

"It is," declared Boyne, with a meaning look towards Ena.  "It is never
injurious as so many of these green, red and yellow alcoholic and sugar
concoctions are."

"No," replied the wealthy owner of Carsphairn. "I quite agree."  And she
drained her glass with undisguised satisfaction.  "It has a most
exquisite flavour, and it does one no harm."

Boyne smiled grimly across to his hostess and suggested that they should
be going if they wanted to be there at the opening of the revue.

The quartette sat in a box, and greatly enjoyed the medley of songs and
dances until, at the close, they went off to a gay supper at Giro’s,
which they did not leave till nearly two in the morning.

Just before Boyne dropped his wife from a taxi at the corner of Pont
Street, he said:

"Well, Lilla!  It all went well, didn’t it?  No hitch.  We ought to have
some news from Lancaster Gate about Wednesday or Thursday."

"Good!" replied the woman.  "We’ll wait in patience.  Only I do hope it
will turn out as we expect."

"It will—never fear!  Good-night."

And she stepped out to walk down the street to her own house, while he
continued in the taxi to Hammersmith Broadway, where he also alighted.

Then, as he walked home, he muttered to himself:

"It can’t fail this time.  On Wednesday next we shall hear how
beneficial to the health is that most excellent liqueur."




                              *CHAPTER XV*

                     *CARRIES THE MYSTERY FARTHER*


On Monday, according to a previous arrangement, both Gerald and Marigold
obtained leave of absence for the afternoon from their respective
principals, and after lunching together as usual, went on the top of an
omnibus to Kew, where they walked for an hour in the celebrated gardens.
Then they went to Hammersmith to take tea with Mrs. Felmore.  The deaf
old woman welcomed them warmly, and they sat together in the kitchen,
though Gerald could not talk with Marigold’s aunt.

The girl, who could speak with her aunt with ease, put to her several
questions concerning Mr. Boyne’s movements, but learned nothing unusual.
She feared to tell the old woman of that uncanny disguise which he
adopted when he visited that locked room upstairs, or of that weird, but
certainly human cry which she had heard above.

Personally, Gerald suspected the cry to be the result of her vivid
imagination.  The theory that somebody was imprisoned in that upstairs
room was fantastic, but highly improbable, therefore he had dismissed
it.  Yet presently the old woman made one remark which struck him as
curious.  In the course of conversation Mrs. Felmore said:

"Poor Mr. Boyne!  He does all the good in the world that he can.  Only
yesterday I found hidden in one of the cupboards in his bedroom a whole
lot of tinned stuff—tongues, fruit, jam, biscuits—a host of things that
he’s got up there on the quiet.  I asked him what he was hoarding them
up for, and he said that he was sending a big parcel of groceries to a
poor widow he knew at Notting Hill Gate."

"Curious to have a store of tinned stuff in his bedroom!" remarked
Gerald, at once recollecting the suggestion that somebody might be in
hiding upstairs.

"Yes, sir," replied the old woman.  "But Mr. Boyne is very eccentric
sometimes—very eccentric!"

"In what way?" he asked eagerly.

"Oh! he gets up in the middle of the night and goes up and down stairs—I
often see the light under my bedroom door."

Marigold and her lover exchanged glances.

"I wonder what he does?" asked the girl.

"Ah!  That I can’t say," was the old housekeeper’s response.  "I asked
him one day not long ago, and he simply told me he had woke up, and as
he couldn’t go to sleep again, he went down to do his accounts."

"Well, this store of food shows him to be of a philanthropic turn of
mind," remarked Gerald, with a smile.  And then, disregarding the fact
that Boyne might return at any moment, he succeeded in getting Mrs.
Felmore’s permission to slip upstairs and view the collection of
preserved foods which was going to the poor widow.

Marigold quickly found it stored in the bottom of a cupboard, covered by
an old overcoat and some worn-out shirts, which had apparently been
flung in at haphazard.

Gerald’s quick glance saw something which further aroused his
curiosity—a small brand-new tin tea-kettle and a little enamelled basin.
With them was a new roll of absorbent cotton-wool and a quart bottle of
cheap port wine, which from its label had been purchased of a local
grocer.

"Funny that he should send her a tea-kettle and basin!" remarked
Durrant, as he handled them. "And look!  What’s this?"  And he took out
a small wooden box about three inches square, such as is used by
jewellers to send watches by post.  He opened it and within, carefully
packed in cotton wool, was a small lens surrounded by a threaded brass
ring evidently a portion of some optical instrument.

"Part of a telescope!" the girl exclaimed. "Surely a widow would not
require that—however poor she might be!"

"Yes, dear," said her lover, holding the box in his hand and reflecting.
"This is a curious hoard, and I am wondering if it is intended for the
unknown person who is living in seclusion above."

"Well, Mr. Boyne’s explanation to auntie is quite clever, if what you
suggest is the solution of the mystery."

"But is not Boyne always clever?" he asked. "That he is leading a double
life we have already established.  It is now for us to solve the problem
of the reason of this locked room upstairs."

"Then you think this has been bought in order to feed somebody who is
living up above in silence and seclusion?" she asked.

"It seems like it.  But if we watch carefully and see in which direction
it disappears, whether inside this house or outside, then we shall begin
to penetrate the mystery."

"But how shall we do it?"

"This requires very careful consideration, dear," was his reply.  "My
own feeling is that you should by some means or other endeavour to spend
the next few days here with your aunt, so that you can keep daily watch
upon this strange collection of provisions.  But we mustn’t remain here,
for Boyne may return at any moment."

So they descended the stairs to the kitchen, and hardly had they reached
it when the heavy tread of the man of mystery was heard in the hall
above.

While Mrs. Felmore was upstairs interviewing her employer as to what he
required for tea, the lovers held hurried consultation.

When the old woman returned, Gerald rose and motioned to her that he
intended to go as perhaps Mr. Boyne would not like to discover him
there.  He placed his finger upon his lips, shook hands with the deaf
housekeeper, and stole out and up the area steps, keeping well out of
sight of Boyne’s window.

"Mr. Durrant was in a hurry, eh?" asked the old woman.

"Yes, auntie.  He was afraid that Mr. Boyne might not like him calling
here, so he’s gone.  But I’m here, and—well, to tell you the truth,
auntie, I don’t exactly know what to do!"

"Do—why?" asked the old woman, her eyes starting as was her habit when
surprised.

"I’m at a loose end, auntie.  They want my room over at Wimbledon—but
only for a week. Hetty and Jack have come home from their music-hall
engagement in Paris, and they’ve asked me to give up my room for a week.
So I’ve no place to sleep.  I’ve been wondering if Mr. Boyne would mind
me coming here.  Do you think he’d object?"

"No, I’m sure he wouldn’t mind, dear!" she declared.  "I’ll ask him
now—when I go up.  He’s often inquiring after you."

So when she took up her master’s tea a quarter of an hour later, she
said:

"Marigold’s downstairs, sir.  She’s in a bit of trouble, sir."

"Trouble!  Why?" asked Boyne sharply. "What’s the matter?  Has she left
the bank?"

"Oh, no, sir.  It’s only because she’s turned out of her room at
Wimbledon for a week for her brother-in-law and his wife, so she wants
to come here and stay with me.  Would you have any objection?"

"Of course not, Mrs. Felmore.  Tell her to come up and see me now."

Then, when the old woman had gone, his genial attitude instantly
changed.

"So the girl wants to come here—does she?  Yes, she shall come.  Oh,
yes!" he growled grimly. "She and that fellow are playing a very pretty
game. But I shall win, never fear!"

A moment later Marigold entered the room, saying:

"It’s awfully good of you, Mr. Boyne, to put me up again!  I fear I’m a
terrible nuisance, but I was in such a difficulty that I came to auntie,
and asked her if she knew of anyone who could give me a room.  She then
said that she thought you might allow me to stay here."

"My dear Miss Marigold," he said quite genially, "you are welcome to
stay with your aunt.  I’ve told you so over and over again, haven’t I?
How are you getting on at the bank?"

"Oh, quite well, thanks!  It is rather monotonous—figures always—but
still it’s better than at that motor dealer’s where I was before.
People who deal in motor cars have no conscience, and are, I believe,
the biggest liars on earth."

Boyne laughed.  He had an appreciation for the smart young lady clerk,
whose quick wit and ready repartee always appealed to him.  But two days
before he had made a discovery which had aroused his suspicions.

It was, however, arranged that Marigold should occupy the same room
which she had had when taken suddenly ill a short time before, and Boyne
added:

"Just do as you like, my girl.  I have a great regard for your aunt, as
you know, and you are quite welcome here, I assure you."

The girl, believing that he was unsuspicious, thanked him and, leaving
the room, descended to the kitchen, where she told her aunt all that had
transpired.

Personally she liked Mr. Boyne.  It was only the discovery of that weird
disguise of his that had aroused her curiosity, which, indeed, was but
natural.

She left the house half an hour later and travelled to Wimbledon Park,
returning with her leather blouse case containing a few necessaries.

Eight o’clock had struck ere she arrived at Bridge Place.  At the corner
of the street Gerald confronted her.  He had kept watchful vigil upon
the house to see whether Boyne had brought out any parcel for the poor
widow.  But the man of mystery had not come forth.

She told her lover with enthusiasm how Boyne had invited her to stay
there, and promised to keep a watchful eye upon things.

"Excellent, dear," Gerald declared.  "You go in, and I’ll still remain
here, and follow him if he goes out to spend the evening."

"Be careful that he doesn’t notice you," she urged.  "He has awfully
quick eyesight."

"I know that.  He very nearly spotted me the other day.  In fact, I was
afraid that he had."

"I see you’ve got a cap on," she laughed. "Where is your hat?"

"I’ve left it in a shop in the Broadway to be renovated and ironed, and
I bought this cap to wear meanwhile.  Does it make any difference?"

"Certainly it does.  And you’ve got a new jacket, too."

"The same.  I bought it at a reach-me-down shop in King Street an hour
ago, and left my own there. Does it fit?"

"Not very well around the collar, but nobody would really notice it,"
she declared.

Gerald Durrant was both shrewd and determined. When he set his mind upon
a thing, he carried it through at all costs.  He intended to penetrate
the veil of mystery which enveloped this good go-to-meeting collector of
insurance premiums.

"Well," he said at last.  "Be watchful, and be careful, dear, that you
don’t arouse his suspicion. He’s a mystery, and all men of his calibre
are ultra-suspicious, and masters in the art of concealing their own
feelings."

"Don’t fear, Gerry," she laughed.  "I shall be as clever as he is.  You
do your watching outside, and I’ll do mine within.  I shall probably
telegraph to Mr. Kenyon to-morrow and make excuse that I’m ill.  Then I
shall have a day in the house to examine things a little more closely."

"That’s a good idea!  Watch those things in his bedroom—that tea-kettle
and the other things.  Find out when they go—and where," were his
parting injunctions.

Five minutes later Marigold went down the area steps into the kitchen,
where her aunt was cooking Mr. Boyne’s succulent steak.

"He says he’s very hungry to-day—hasn’t had any lunch, so I went out and
got him this!" exclaimed the old woman.  "If he eats it all, then he
ought to do well, eh?" she remarked, in her somewhat high-pitched and
rasping voice.

"Yes.  I suppose he’ll go out afterwards," said Marigold.

"He said he’d got to go out at nine—to a meeting somewhere," was her
aunt’s reply.  Therefore her niece took from her bag a postcard,
scribbled something upon it, and in pretence of going to the post she
went out to Gerald and told him what she had learned.

This afforded Durrant time to go along to the "Clarendon" for dinner and
a rest before resuming his patient observations.

On her return, Marigold put on an apron and helped her aunt.  Indeed,
she carried up the tray into Mr. Boyne’s room.

"Ah!  I see I’ve got a new parlour-maid, eh?" he laughed merrily.  "And
an unusually smart one, too!"

Marigold laughed, and set the table, saying:

"Well, I thought I’d just give auntie a hand, Mr. Boyne.  Half an hour
ago she complained that her leg hurt, because of the stairs, so I
thought I’d help her."

"Very good of you," he said, lounging in the frayed old arm-chair in his
shirt-sleeves, a different figure indeed from that he so often presented
at night in the West End.  There, in the smart restaurants and in
theatres, he wore his evening suit and nodded acquaintance with many
well-known people, who little suspected his obscure abode.

Marigold waited upon him as though she were a waitress instead of a
ledger clerk, but he was reading the evening paper as he ate his meal,
and spoke but little more.

"Yes, you’re a pretty miss, you are!" he growled to himself after she
had left the room.  "If you don’t mind you’ll be very sorry that you
entered my house."

At a quarter to nine, having washed and changed into a rather seedy suit
of blue serge, he went out. Marigold heard him bang the door, and knew
that Gerald was on the alert outside.

The evening passed quietly until at ten Mrs. Felmore went to bed, and
her niece also retired. She bade her aunt good-night, went into the
spare room and closed the door.

She shook out her thin summer dressing-gown, and placed it upon the rail
of the narrow bed.  Then she reopened the door and stood listening on
the stairs, her ears strained to catch any noise from the locked room on
the next landing of the frowsy old house.

No sound reached her ears, save the noise her aunt made moving about in
her room.  Downstairs the cheap old clock in Boyne’s sitting-room ticked
loudly and suddenly struck the half-hour.  Beyond that all was silent.

Marigold, after a long vigil, at last turned off the gas and, throwing
herself on the bed, dressed as she was, soon fell asleep.

Meanwhile Boyne re-entered the house noiselessly and, taking off his
shoes, crept in silence up the stairs to her door.  He listened, and
could hear by her deep, regular breathing that she was asleep.

Slowly he turned the handle of the door—which he had purposely oiled
before going out—and, flashing a pocket-torch to the ceiling, saw her
lying there, still dressed!

Without a sound he withdrew and crept back down the stairs.

"I thought so, young lady!" he muttered to himself, when he was back in
his sitting-room. "You don’t know much—neither does your young man!  But
I must take steps for my own protection, that I can see!"

He stood with his back to the fireplace, his eyes staring at the
sideboard in front of him for some moments.  Nibby was scuttling about
in the cupboard, so he let him out and the little rodent sniffed his
hand.

"I wonder what makes the girl so inquisitive?" he thought.  "Surely the
old woman knows nothing! If she does, then she would, of course, confide
in her niece, who, in turn, would tell this young fellow Durrant."

The lovers were unaware that Boyne had been making the most careful
inquiries concerning both of them, for the instant he realised that he
was being watched, he had laid certain diabolical plans by which to
triumph.

"It’s their lives—_or mine_!" he whispered to himself, with a strange
hard look in his eyes.  "I can’t afford to be watched by such
inquisitive folk.  I was a fool not to take Lilla’s advice concerning
this girl."

He walked across to the sideboard and poured himself out a liqueur-glass
full of brandy, which he tossed off at a single gulp.

"I’ll test her and see what happens," he said aloud, with a chuckle.
Then, slipping on his shoes and going to the front door, he opened it,
and, having banged it, walked heavily back along the passage to the
room.

The noise awakened Marigold, who, all unconscious that Boyne had seen
her there, instantly jumped up and listened.

She heard footsteps on the stairs and saw a passing light beneath her
door.

She heard him ascend the next flight of stairs towards the locked room,
and then carefully opening her door, peered out after him.

Suddenly he turned and descended, as though he had forgotten something,
but his quick eye, as he flashed his lamp upon her door, detected that
it was noiselessly closing.

In pretence of ignorance he passed down to his own room, and entering
it, closed the door heavily.

"Yes," he whispered to himself.  "Ah!  I was not mistaken!  The girl is
here in my house to spy upon me!  She’s dangerous—just as dangerous as
the man.  And in my game I allow no enemies to confront me!"

Then, laughing grimly, he clenched his bony fists and set his teeth.

Afterwards he retired to bed, leaving the girl listening attentively to
noises he purposely made.




                             *CHAPTER XVI*

                           *BAITING THE TRAP*


Next day Boyne remained in the house until Marigold had left to go to
the City—for she was anxious to report the result of her vigil to her
lover and then, instead of going out upon his daily collection of
insurance premiums, he went to Pont Street.

He arrived at the fine red-brick house about eleven, opening the door
with his latchkey.  He found his wife in her bedroom, and closing the
door, he exclaimed in an unusually excited voice:

"Lilla! there’s trouble brewing—_very serious trouble_!"

"In what direction?" gasped the handsome woman, starting from the long
mirror before which she was arranging her blouse.

"That girl Marigold—the old woman Felmore’s niece—is suspicious, and she
has established herself in my house in order to watch me!"

"Why is she suspicious?"

"I don’t know.  That’s the mystery of it.  How much she knows I can’t
tell."

"One thing is plain," said the woman.  "If we are to save ourselves, her
lips must be closed.  Surely that will be easy—just a nice box of
chocolates, tied with ribbon, or something like that—eh?  We did it
before with little Louise, at Cheltenham."

"Yes—but I don’t like doing it.  She’s really an awfully nice girl, and
I haven’t the heart to give her a ’dose.’"

"She’s watching you, you say!  Therefore she’s a danger to us all.
Didn’t I warn you about her weeks ago?  If you don’t want to court
trouble, just give her a box of those beautiful expensive sweets, and
then good-bye to all our worries."

Boyne made no answer.

His wife saw his hesitation, and went on:

"It was a rotten trick at Cheltenham, I admit, but it had to be
done—just as it must be done in this case.  We surely can’t afford to
take any risks, my dear Bernie!  What a good job that you’ve found out
that she suspects—eh?" she remarked.  "So she must fade out—and very
quickly, too.  It’s up to you to do the necessary!"

"But the man—this clerk in Mincing Lane—Gerald Durrant.  He’s a most
pertinacious person, it seems.  We have, I think, more to fear from him
than from the girl," Boyne said.

"Didn’t I express doubt a week or so ago, but you assured me that it was
all right?" retorted the handsome woman.  "Well—what are you going to
do?"

"Do!  Why, there’s only one way—put an end to their inquisitiveness," he
replied.

"Do be careful."

Oh, I will be—never fear.  But I shall want your assistance, Lilla, and
perhaps Ena’s too.  Neither the man nor the girl is acquainted with
either of you, which is one point in our favour."

"Have you thought out any plan?" she asked anxiously.

"I’ve not completed it yet," he answered.

"There must be no failure, remember," said his wife, betraying
considerable anxiety.  "What could have aroused the suspicions of this
accursed girl, I wonder?"

"Ah!  I can’t tell.  I’m always most careful.  But I have confirmed my
suspicion that while the girl is in the house the fellow watches
outside.  He followed me last night, and I led him a pretty good chase
up to Hampstead, where I called to see Ted Lyons."

"Ted might be useful—eh?" she exclaimed quickly.

"No.  We must keep this affair to ourselves. It’s far too dangerous."

"Well, Ena and I will help you.  But something ought surely to be done
as soon as possible!"

"I quite agree, Lilla.  But the question is how shall we act for the
best?"

"It’s easy to deal with the girl—especially as she’s living in your
house for a week—but how shall we tackle the man?" she asked.

"That’s the difficulty.  I don’t want anything to happen while she’s in
my house," was his reply. "I allowed her to stay because I wanted to
satisfy myself that she was really spying.  Now I’ve confirmed my
suspicions, and we must act."

"Well, at any rate, it’s a good thing that we know the truth," the woman
answered.  "You must have blundered in some way or other, so it is up to
you to wriggle out of a very awkward situation."

"It is awkward, I admit," he said, gazing blankly out of the window.
"If they got to know the true secret of that upstairs room, it would
mean that we should at once be in Queer Street, in more senses than
one—shouldn’t we?"

"They must not know!" said the woman in a hard, fierce tone.  "You will
know how to deal with them, Bernard.  People who have tried to pry into
our private affairs before have, all of them, bitterly regretted
it—haven’t they?"

Boyne grunted, but made no reply.

"Will you tell Ena?" she asked.

"Not yet.  It may only frighten her unduly. When I want her help I’ll
see her—perhaps to-morrow," was his reply.

"I suppose we ought to have news from Lancaster Gate very soon," she
said.  "Mrs. Morrison went to tea with Ena yesterday.  To-day she has
gone back to Brighton, but is due here again to-morrow."

"Yes, we ought to hear of some development soon," he said with a grim
smile.  "That affair is going all right.  It’s this girl and her man who
are so confoundedly dangerous to our plans."

"You had similar trouble with Aitken a year ago, and you found an easy
way out of it, Bernard.  No doubt you’ll soon think of some means by
which an end can be put to their infernal inquisitiveness."

"I have a call to make," he said, rising from his chair suddenly.  "I’ll
be back again this afternoon. I’m going into the City."

And he went out.

At lunch time Marigold met her lover, and it was arranged that, as he
would be at the office late that evening, he should not resume his watch
until the following evening, neither of them, of course, suspecting that
Boyne knew they were keeping him under observation or that he was busy
laying a most devilish plan for their undoing.

Gerald Durrant had grown fonder of Marigold than ever, and the pair were
now inseparable.  He disliked the idea of the girl living in that house
of mystery, but she told him that she was in no way afraid, and that she
was determined to solve the curious motive of Boyne’s double life.

When, at six o’clock, she returned she sat down to tea with her aunt,
and later, while she was laying Mr. Boyne’s table, he came in, greeting
her cheerily, as was his wont.

His attitude towards her was distinctly friendly, for he gave no outward
sign of suspicion.

The evening passed uneventfully, for Boyne went out about eight o’clock,
and he did not return until long after the old woman and her niece were
in bed.

Marigold listened, but only heard him go up to his bedroom and close the
door.  After that there was no other sound.

Boyne spent part of the following day with Lilla at Pont Street, where
he held a long and secret consultation with her, after which he took a
taxi to Upper Brook Street and sat with Ena for half an hour, explaining
what he had discovered concerning the unwelcome attention which young
Durrant and the girl was paying to him.

The Red Widow at once became greatly perturbed.

"But how much can they know?" she gasped, leaning forward in her chair,
pale and agitated.

"Very little."

"They know nothing of your upstairs friend—eh?"

"No.  But they may suspect."

"Then their suspicion must be at once removed, my dear Bernie!" said the
woman, in a decisive voice.  "We are, I see, confronted with a very
grave peril."

"I agree.  Lionel will be wondering why I’ve not been up to see him
since Sunday.  I shall go up this afternoon, before the girl comes back
from the bank. I’ve got a lot of stuff to take up to him.  He’s got no
kettle, poor chap!"

"Ah!  What a life he must lead," said the woman.

"It is his own fault.  He was too curious—and he got the worst of it, as
they all do!"

"But he was quite harmless.  This fellow Durrant is our enemy."

"And he must be treated as such.  I’ve found out a lot about his
movements," said Boyne.

"You quickly find out about people, Bernie. You’re really wonderful."

"Not very wonderful, Ena," he laughed.  "I simply went a few days ago to
Chalmers, the private inquiry agent in Regent Street who has done work
for me often.  I told him I had lent young Durrant money, and wanted to
know something of his habits and of his friends.  This morning I had a
long confidential report about him.  He lives out at Ealing."

"A pity you allowed the girl to stay with her aunt.  Why ever did you do
so?"

"Well, if she wished to walk into a trap, then it surely wasn’t my
business to keep her out of it—was it?" he asked, with a sinister smile.
"I knew the reason why she had so suddenly been deprived of her room at
Wimbledon Park, and allowed her to think that I was a fool."

"She’ll no doubt know different ere long," laughed the Red Widow.

Then, opening the door, Boyne satisfied himself that there was no
servant in the passage, and returning to her, he began to speak rapidly
in a low, tense voice.

"What?" she asked breathlessly, when he had finished.  "To-night?"

"Yes, to-night—why not?" he asked.  "Wear one of your smartest black
dresses.  Come round and see Lilla.  Then you and she can arrange
things."

"But, Bernard!  It’s a most desperate game!"

"Not more so than any other," he laughed.  "A dangerous situation always
calls for drastic measures."

"But will the trap be sufficiently well-baited?"

"I’ll see to that—never fear!  Just act as I tell you and to-morrow we
shan’t have much to fear from at least one of this inquisitive pair!"

For a few minutes she seemed lost in thought.

"Ah!  I see you are hesitating, Ena!" he laughed again.

"I am.  It’s a terrible plot!"

"Bah!  Fancy you saying so—you! who have assisted to bring off so many
little affairs that have brought us big money.  Surely you’re not
growing squeamish now, at a moment when we are all in distinct peril?"

"No," she answered with an effort, for it was evident that the plan
which he had placed before her had held her horrified.  "No, I—I’m
not—not at all squeamish, but—well—I’m wondering if we couldn’t find
some other way out of it."

"None.  We’re in danger, and we must take precautions to defend
ourselves—at once—to-night!"

"Very well," she answered somewhat reluctantly. "I’ll go round to Lilla
about six."

"When we meet we shall do so as strangers, of course," he said, with a
sinister smile.  "Look your best—won’t you?"

"Very well," she laughed, and five minutes later he sat down at the
telephone in the room and spoke to his wife.

"All right, Lilla," he said.  "Ena will be with you about six.  I’ve
told her exactly what we’ve arranged.  I’m now going back to
Hammersmith," and, after hanging up the receiver, he took leave of the
Red Widow and went direct to Bridge Place.

Mrs. Felmore was surprised that her master should return so early, for
he was at home before five.  Marigold had not come in from the office,
therefore he sent the deaf old woman out to the post, and, putting on
his long white gown, took up to the attic the new tin kettle and some
other things.  But he did not obtain them from that cupboard in his
room.  He had purchased duplicates on his way home.

He was not upstairs for more than five minutes—just sufficient to
reassure the weird recluse and hand to him the necessities required.
Then he came down again, and calmly read the evening paper till his meal
was ready.

Marigold did not return before seven, but she left her lover to resume
his vigil outside.

At eight o’clock Bernard Boyne went out as usual, and Marigold spent
another quiet evening with her aunt, confident that Gerald was keeping a
very vigilant eye upon the man of mystery!

Next day at the lunch hour she went eagerly to the little restaurant,
but he did not put in an appearance.  She wondered why.

On returning to the bank she at once rang up his office, but was
informed that he had not been there that day!  He had sent his principal
a telegram stating that he had been suddenly taken ill, and apologised
for his absence.  The doctor had said that he could not return for
several days.

Making excuse to Mr. Kenyon, the assistant manager, she left the bank at
four, and at once went over to Ealing, only to find that his sister had
received a telegram late on the previous night, which had been handed in
at Charing Cross Post Office and read:


"_Don’t worry!  Am all right.  Returning in two or three days.
Writing._—GERALD."


Further mystified, she at once went back to Hammersmith, where she found
a telegram which had arrived for her at eleven o’clock that morning.  It
had been dispatched from Knightsbridge, and read:


"_Am all right, dear!  Do not worry.  Have discovered something, but am
not returning for a day or two._—GERRY."


"Is it from Mr. Boyne?" asked her aunt as she watched the girl’s face.

"No.  Why?" she asked.

"Because Mr. Boyne hasn’t been home all night," was her aunt’s reply.
"I can’t think what’s happened to him!  When I went up this morning to
wake him, because I thought he had overslept himself, I found that his
bed had not been slept in!"




                             *CHAPTER XVII*

                      *"NEWS" FROM LANCASTER GATE*


Marigold was naturally much puzzled.

What had her lover discovered?  What did he know?

By the varying forms of the telegrams she saw that he had excused
himself from the office upon a plea of illness, while really he was
working in secret to elucidate the mystery of the hooded man of
Hammersmith.

The fact that Boyne had been absent that night and had not yet returned,
did not arouse her curiosity, for she concluded that Gerry had been
following him ever since the previous evening.

She relied upon her lover’s cleverness and ingenuity.  The changing of
his clothes showed her that he was resourceful.  She admired him for it.

So she took her tea with her aunt, and afterwards laid Mr. Boyne’s table
in eager readiness for his return.

He came in and greeted her as cheerily as usual.

"Tell Mrs. Felmore that I expect she’s been wondering where I’ve been
all this time.  But I went out to Loughton, in Essex, to see a friend
last night, and I stayed there.  Tell her so, Miss Marigold, will you?
And now for my supper!  I’m horribly hungry!"

He ate his meal, yet not by any means in the manner of a hungry man.  He
only toyed with it, for, a matter of fact, he had left Pont Street half
an hour before, having taken leave of the Red Widow and his wife, whose
faces had borne grim smiles of complete satisfaction.

That night as Marigold lay awake, unable to sleep, she became obsessed
by the one idea that she ought to leave the house of mystery and return
to Wimbledon Park.

Gerald, by his mysterious message to her, had evidently got upon the
track of something, therefore it was useless for her to remain any
longer in that strange atmosphere of doubt and fear.

Boyne had retired, and though she remained on the alert until the first
streak of dawn shone through the blinds, she heard no movement to arouse
her suspicion.

Next day, when she came down into the kitchen, she told her aunt that
she was returning home.  So, taking her blouse-case, she left before Mr.
Boyne came downstairs.

"Marigold has gone to the bank, sir," said Mrs. Felmore when she placed
Boyne’s coffee and kippers upon the table.  "She left word that she
thanks you very much for allowing her to stay here, but she couldn’t
encroach on your kind hospitality any longer."

"Oh!" exclaimed Boyne in surprise.  "She’s gone—eh?"

"Yes, sir.  She went out a quarter of an hour ago.  She waited to see if
you came down—but she had to go."

Boyne grunted, and remarked something beneath his breath—words that the
deaf woman, even with her expert lip-reading eyes, could not understand.

Marigold had slipped safely out of the way.  The fact filled him with
intense chagrin.  What did it portend?

"At least Durrant’s activity is at an end!" he growled deeply to
himself.  "Now we have to deal with this girl.  For the present nobody
can know of the whereabouts of Gerald Durrant.  When they do—I hope the
peril will be over!"

And he swallowed his coffee with the gusto and satisfaction of a man who
had made a most complete coup, and from whose mind some great weight had
been lifted.

An hour later he entered the Hammersmith Post Office and telephoned to
the Red Widow.

"Any news, Ena?" he asked as he sat in one of the boxes.

"Yes.  Augusta spoke to me half an hour ago. I’m going round to
Lancaster Gate at eleven.  She’s taken ill.  A pity, isn’t it?"

"Sorry to hear that!" he replied in a grim voice. "I’ll see you at Pont
Street at seven—eh?"

"Yes.  I’ll run round," Ena answered.  "I’ve just been through to Lilla.
I wonder what can be the matter with poor Augusta?  A chill, perhaps—eh?
Poor lady!  But I hope it isn’t serious."

"I hope not.  Good-bye for the present."

And then the honest, hard-working collector of insurance premiums of the
poor of Hammersmith went forth upon his daily round, trudging from
street to street, knocking or ringing at the doors of the insured.

He made a call in Dalling Road, just beyond the railway arch, and then,
proceeding up the thoroughfare, consulted his pocket account-book.
Close to Chiswick High Road he made a further call, where he signed the
book for the weekly premium.

Presently he halted at a small and very poor-looking house in the
Devonport Road, a turning off the Goldhawk Road, where he rang at the
door. At the windows were curtains blackened by the London smoke, for
the whole neighbourhood was one of genteel poverty, but of despair.

An ugly, but cleanly dressed old woman answered, and, seeing him, knit
her brows.

"Ah!  Come in, Mr. Boyne!" she said, and the collector of premiums
entered.

Five minutes later he came out, the old woman following him.  He was
evidently not himself, for usually his was a kindly nature towards the
poor. But that day his manner was rough and uncouth. Something had upset
him.

"Well, I’m sorry, Mrs. Pentreath," he said in a loud voice.  "But, you
see, it isn’t in my hands.  I’m only a humble servant of the company—an
ill-paid servant who gets just a living wage upon the premiums he
collects.  You’ve had time to pay, you know, and if you can’t pay up
this week—well, the policy must lapse.  You’ve been given notice of it
for six weeks.  The company has been very lenient with you.  Other
companies wouldn’t have been so lenient."

"But my poor Bertha!  She’s come home from service, and is in bed with
consumption.  I have to look after her and try to give her the
nourishment Doctor James orders.  It isn’t my fault that I haven’t paid
you.  It really isn’t."

"I can’t help that," replied Boyne roughly. "Your insurance policy must
lapse—that’s all.

"And after fifteen years that I’ve paid regularly each week!" exclaimed
the poor woman in dismay.

"Well, it isn’t my fault, I tell you.  I’m not the company," was his
harsh reply.

"And my poor Bertha so ill.  It’s cruel—it’s inhuman, I say!" she
shouted in a shrill voice.

Boyne only smiled grimly.  He was not the kindly man of other days.

"It probably is so," he replied, turning away from the door.  "But it’s
our insurance business; and business is business, after all!

"Yes!" retorted the poor woman.  "You people are robbing the poor—that’s
what it is!  And after fifteen years!  Why, I’ve paid your company more
in that time than what they would have paid to bury my Bertha!"

At a small house in the Loftus Road he knocked three times, and a
dwarfed, red-eyed girl at last opened the door.

"Poor mother’s dead, Mr. Boyne!  Didn’t you see the blinds?" she asked.

"Dead!" he exclaimed, looking at the little window of the sitting-room.
"Get your book."

"I’ll go and get it," was the girl’s reply. "Mother died late last
night.  The doctor says it’s heart disease."

"All right.  Give me the book," he said brutally. "I suppose we’ll have
to pay.  You paid up last week, didn’t you?"

"Yes, sir, I paid you—and you’ll find it down," the girl said, and,
disappearing, she presently returned with the insurance book.

The house-to-house visits of the insurance collector of those fat
dividend paying companies who insure the lives of the lower classes are
truly fraught with many strange dramas and stirring tales of poverty and
misfortune.

While Bernard Boyne was on his weary round, Ena Pollen alighted from a
taxi at the private hotel in Lancaster Gate, a big, old-fashioned house
which for years had been known to country visitors to London as a quiet
and excellent place in which to stay.

The young man-servant who opened the door told her that Mrs. Morrison
was upstairs.  The proprietor’s wife met her in the hall, and, in
response to the Red Widow’s inquiry, said:

"Mrs. Morrison hasn’t been very well for a couple of days.  She was
taken ill last night, so I called my doctor—Doctor Tressider—and he came
to see her. He seems puzzled.  He can’t make out at present what’s the
matter with her.  He’s calling again to-night.  She came over very ill
when she returned from Brighton."

"I’ll go upstairs," said Mrs. Pollen.  "It is most unfortunate, isn’t
it?  She’s only here in town for a short time, and now she’s taken ill
like this.  I do hope it’s nothing serious."

"Oh, no.  I asked Doctor Tressider, and he thinks it is simply a little
stomach trouble. To-morrow she’ll be better," was the woman’s reply.

So Ena ascended the stairs, and, after tapping at the door, entered the
neat little bedroom on the second floor.

"Well, dear!" she exclaimed cheerily as she entered.  "I couldn’t let
the day pass without coming to see you.  Whatever is the matter?"

"I really don’t know, Ena," replied Mrs. Morrison of Carsphairn.  "I
felt so ill in the train coming up to Victoria that I had great
difficulty in getting back here."

"But the doctor says you’ll be all right to-morrow," said Ena.

"I feel awfully ill," replied the other feebly.  "I seem so feverish—hot
at one moment and cold at another."

"No, no," said Mrs. Pollen cheerily.  "You’ll be all right, never fear.
When one feels feverish one’s temperature is generally below normal.  I
do hope these people are looking after you all right?"

"Oh, yes, they do.  I have no complaint to make on that score.  You
recommended me here, and I must say that I’m most comfortable.  But what
worries me is my visit up North."

"Don’t bother about that," laughed the other. "Get well first.  Write
and tell them you can’t come."

"I wish you would do it for me.  Pen and paper are over there," said the
sick woman, whose eyes glistened strangely.

"No; you must do it," replied Ena quickly.  She had a reason.  "If I
were to write to them they might think it strange.  You are not too ill
to write.  I’ll get you the pad."

And, carrying it to her on the bed, she induced Mrs. Morrison to write
two letters to her friends—letters which she duly posted when she got
outside.

"The doctor doesn’t seem to know what is the matter with me," the
invalid said in a weak voice after she had laid down her fountain pen.
"My head is so terribly bad—and my throat too."

"What time is he coming again?"

"To-night, I think.  I hope so."

"My dear, it’s only a chill," Ena said with comforting cheerfulness.
"You’ll be all right in a day or two.  You’ve been in a draught,
perhaps."

"Ah! but my head!  It seems as though it must burst.  At times I can’t
think.  All my senses seem blurred."

"Did you tell the doctor that?"

"Yes.  And it seemed to puzzle him more than ever.  I hope I’m not going
to have a bad illness."

"Of course not," laughed Ena.  "You’ll be better in a day or so.  Remain
quiet, and I’ll run in to-morrow morning to see how you are.  If you’re
worse, tell them to ring me up.  I’m just going round to the Davidsons.
They will be most distressed to hear of your sudden illness."

The widow of Carsphairn turned over on her pillow and moaned slightly.
Her face was flushed, and it was evident to Ena that the last words she
had uttered the sick woman had not understood.

So she took her leave, and on descending the stairs to the wide hall,
again encountered the proprietor’s wife.

"My friend Mrs. Morrison seems very unwell," said Ena.  "I can’t make it
out at all.  I do hope the doctor will discover what is the matter with
her."

"Doctor Tressider is my own doctor," replied the woman.  "He’ll be here
again before dinner time, and I hope he won’t find anything really very
wrong."

"Well, whatever he says, would you mind letting me know over the
’phone?" asked Ena, taking out her visiting-card, upon which was printed
her telephone number.

"Certainly I will," was the reply.

"And if there is anything serious I’ll come round at once," she said.

So they parted, and Ena hailed a taxi outside, and returned to Upper
Brook Street well satisfied with her morning’s work.




                            *CHAPTER XVIII*

                     *THE COUP AND ITS CONSEQUENCE*


Next day passed, but though Ena remained at home in a high state of
anxiety, she received no message from Lancaster Gate.

At eight o’clock she rang up, and spoke to the proprietress of the
hotel.

"Mrs. Morrison is certainly not quite so well as she was yesterday, but
though Doctor Tressider has been twice to-day he has not yet been able
to diagnose the complaint."

"Is she in pain?" asked Mrs. Pollen sympathetically.

"No.  She does not complain.  But no doubt we shall know more
to-morrow."

"Very well.  Please tell her I inquired, and to-morrow, about eleven,
I’ll call and see her again."

And, having rung off, she spoke to Lilla, telling her of the
conversation.

"You’ll go to-morrow and see her, my dear," urged Boyne’s wife.
"Bernard is here.  I’ll tell him."

"What about the girl?" asked Ena.

"Oh, for the present she’s all right.  She’s gone back to Wimbledon.
The telegrams have satisfied her."

"Right!  Then I’ll see you to-morrow after I’ve been to Lancaster Gate,"
said the Red Widow, and then they broke off the conversation.

"Well, the doctor doesn’t know yet what’s the matter," Lilla afterwards
said to Boyne, who was sitting in the handsome drawing-room.

"Oh! he will to-morrow—never fear!" was the man’s grim reply.  "He must
be a duffer if he doesn’t recognise the symptoms.  I expected him to
know yesterday."

"You thought we should have had news on Wednesday, and it’s now Friday."

"Yes.  But delay is rather a good sign," he said. "Did you tell Ena
about the nursing home?"

"Yes; I did so yesterday."

"I’ve heard that Miss Propert’s, out at Golder’s Green, is quite a good
place.  Nobody connected with it has any knowledge of us."

"I told her that.  And she agreed.  She is rather afraid that some of
Mrs. Morrison’s friends may come up from Brighton, and she is in no way
anxious to meet them."

"No!  She mustn’t do so!" declared Boyne. "She must take good care that
no friends are at Lancaster Gate when she calls."

"Good!  I’ll tell her that over the ’phone presently."

"And also tell her not to take a too eager interest in her—I mean, no
interest further than that of a comparatively freshly made friend," he
said; and afterwards they went out to a theatre together.

Next morning, just before eleven, as Ena Pollen was contemplating
speaking with Mrs. Morrison’s hotel, the proprietor’s wife rang up.

"Mrs. Pollen," she said, "I’m very sorry to give you bad news about your
friend.  Doctor Tressider has just been here, and says that she is
suffering from diphtheria!"

"Oh!  I’m so sorry!" cried the Red Widow. "How very unfortunate!  Are
any other friends there?"

"No.  But I believe somebody is coming up from Brighton this afternoon."

"Very well," said Ena.  "I’ll take a taxi and come round now."

This she did.  Pleading that she might become infected, she did not
ascend to Mrs. Morrison’s room, but sat in the little office of the
proprietor’s wife.

"Of course she can’t remain here," said the woman.  "It isn’t fair to my
other visitors."

"Of course not," Ena agreed.  "She must go at once to a nursing home.  A
friend of mine had diphtheria about a year ago, and went to a place
somewhere at Golder’s Green.  I think Prosser or Potter was the name of
the person who runs it.  We might perhaps find it in the telephone
directory.  I think that was the name—but I’m not quite sure. Poor
Augusta!  I’m so sorry, but I really think it would be unwise of me to
go in and see her—don’t you?"

"I quite agree," replied the proprietor’s wife, and, taking down the
telephone directory, she began to search for the name, but could not
find it.

At last, after some minutes, she exclaimed:

"Ah!  Here it is.  Miss Propert’s nursing home. Yes, Golder’s Green!
Here is the number.  I’ll telephone and ask if they have a room vacant."

Five minutes later it was fixed.  Miss Propert had promised to send an
ambulance at once, and soon afterwards the Red Widow was round at Pont
Street reporting to Lilla all that had taken place, while early that
same afternoon the patient had already been transferred to the nursing
home, where she had been promised by the unsuspecting matron "every
attention."

As the days passed Marigold Ramsay travelled each morning from Wimbledon
Park to the City, and sat each luncheon hour in the same little
restaurant, but alone.

She was sorely puzzled why Gerald did not write to her.  Without doubt
he had gone somewhere to follow up a clue concerning the mystery man of
Hammersmith, but she felt hurt that he had not written to tell her of
his whereabouts.

Time after time she took out his telegram, which she carried in her big
bag-purse, and re-read it:


"_Am all right, dear.  Do not worry.  Have discovered something, but am
not returning for a day or two._—GERRY."


The "day or two" had elapsed.  He told her not to worry, therefore she
tried to obey him.  Still, it was strange that he did not send her a
line.

Twice she called at his office in Mincing Lane, but she was told by a
female clerk that Mr. Durrant had not returned.  Nothing more had been
heard of him, except that he was away at home ill.

Marigold smiled within herself at the excuse her lover had given for his
absence, and wondered hour by hour what he had discovered concerning Mr.
Boyne.

She went over to Hammersmith and had tea with her aunt.  From her she
learned that her employer had been at home each night.  The only night
he had been absent was the night of Gerald’s disappearance.

She even contrived to get a glimpse of the interior of that cupboard in
Mr. Boyne’s bedroom, but the groceries intended for the poor widow of
Notting Hill Gate were still there intact, as well as the tea-kettle and
the bowl.

What had taken Gerald away?

For three days her anxiety increased, when on the fourth evening, on her
return to Wimbledon, she found a telegram from him.  It had been
dispatched from the post-office in Bristol Road, Birmingham, and read:


"_Returning very soon, dearest.  Remain patient. Tell my sister.
Love._—GERRY."


Time after time she read it with complete satisfaction, and afterwards
she went out to Ealing and showed it to her lover’s sister.

"That takes a great weight off my mind, Marigold," said Gerald’s sister.
"Still, his sudden disappearance seems very strange.  I wonder why he’s
gone away—and why he’s in Birmingham?"

"Yes," replied the girl.  "It does seem curious, but think I know the
reason."

"What is it?" asked his sister anxiously.

"A secret reason," was Marigold’s reply.  "I’m sorry that I can’t tell
you—not unless he gives me permission."

"What—is anything wrong?" asked the young woman.

"Oh, nothing wrong with Gerald—not at all. Only he is trying to find out
something—that’s all. And until he is successful I don’t think he wants
anyone to know his intentions."

"Well, I hope he’s made it right at his office. Employers don’t like men
who pretend to be ill at home and go away."

"No doubt he has.  Gerald isn’t a fool," the girl replied, a little
piqued at his sister’s words, and very soon afterwards she left for
home.

The message from Birmingham allayed her anxiety to a very great extent.
When once Gerald took up any matter he never left it until it was
complete.  He was the very essence of business, and his principal held
him in high esteem on account of his method and his pertinacity.
Marigold knew that. He was following some secret clue concerning the
hooded man of Bridge Place, and it seemed as though he feared to put
anything concerning it into writing.

That night as she lay awake she reflected that the message was indeed
very gratifying, yet at the same time, she found herself wondering why
he had not written her just a few brief words.

She, however, kept her own counsel, feeling confident that Gerald would
as soon as possible return to tell her what he had found out.

The fact that the store of food in Boyne’s bedroom was still there
negatived the idea that it was intended for any person concealed in the
locked room above.  On thinking it all over, she began to doubt whether
that curious cry was really human, or did it only exist in her
imagination?

Next day she went to the bank as usual, but life was very dreary without
Gerald’s smiling face.  He was her ideal of the fine courteous man,
strong, and devoid of that effeminacy which, alas! too often
characterises the temporary officers who so gallantly assisted in
winning the war.  He had neither pose, drawl, nor affectation, as is so
common in and around Fenchurch Street.  He dressed quietly, and his
manners were gentlemanly without being obtrusive.  He spoke little and
listened always.  In Marigold’s eyes he was the type of a perfect modern
gentleman—as indeed he was.

City life, with its morning rush to business from the suburbs and its
evening scramble for a seat in ’bus, train or tram, is to the business
girl a wearing existence.  The tubes, with their queux, the trains with
their packed compartments, the ’buses with their boorish attendants, and
the trams crowded to suffocation with either rain-wet or perspiring
humanity, are part of the life of a London business girl.  Yet she is
always merry and bright, for she takes things as they come and thrives
upon a gobbled breakfast or a belated home-coming.

Marigold Ramsay was typical of the London female bank clerk—eager,
reliable, assiduous at her work, which consisted of poring over big
ledgers all day beneath a green-shaded electric light until the
figures—units, tens, hundreds, thousands, tens of thousands, and
hundreds of thousands—danced before her tired eyes ere she closed her
book and put on her hat to return home.

On the night following the receipt of that gratifying message, she
rushed back to Wimbledon wondering if any further telegram awaited her.

But there was none.  In disappointment she sat down to her evening meal,
the one problem in her mind being the whereabouts of the young man who
was her lover and who had so mysteriously left her side and disappeared.

He could not be following Boyne, for the latter was living quite calmly
his usual uneventful life, therefore, if he were not following him, why
could he not write to her and explain?

That point sorely perplexed her.

Meanwhile Ena Pollen telephoned twice a day to Golder’s Green to inquire
how her friend Mrs. Morrison progressed, and on each occasion the matron
would answer her, but the news was of increasing gravity.

She sent kind messages, but the matron expressed regret that the patient
was too ill to be given them.

On the evening when Marigold had sped back to Wimbledon hoping for a
further telegram, Miss Propert had, after telling the Red Widow how
critical was Mrs. Morrison’s condition, added that some relatives had
come up from Brighton.

"Unfortunately, the doctor will not allow anyone to see her," she went
on.  "Only this evening I have had a telegram from her sister in
Scotland saying she is on her way to London, but as she gives no
address, I am unable to stop her, so her journey will be useless."

"Useless?  Why?" asked Ena.

"Well—I’m sorry to tell you that the doctor who saw her an hour ago
holds out but little hope of her recovery.  She has diphtheria in its
most virulent form."

"Oh!  How terrible!" cried Ena.  "But is it really so very serious?"

"Yes.  There is no use disguising the fact.  It is a most critical
case."

"But, surely, there is no immediate danger?" she asked, full of concern.

"The critical period will be within the next twenty-four hours," came
the reply.  "If she gets over to-morrow night, she will probably
recover."

Ena Pollen held her breath, while her brows narrowed, and she made a
strange grimace.

"Well, Miss Propert, you won’t fail to let me know how my friend is—will
you?"

"Of course not," was the reply.  "I hope she will be better to-morrow
morning.  But—well, personally, I entertain but little hope.  I have
never seen a worse case of diphtheria."

Ena hung up the receiver, and crossing the room, took a long sniff at
her smelling-salts.

Then, going back to the telephone, she rang up Lilla, and said briefly:

"Our poor friend is very bad indeed.  I’ll let you know how she is in
the morning.  Is Bernard there?"

"No; he’s just gone back," answered her friend.

"Well, I want you both to dine here to-morrow night.  Will you?"

"Why?"

"You know the reason—_surely_!"

"Oh, yes—yes!  Very well, dear.  At half-past seven."

So that was agreed.

Next morning, just before noon, Boyne called at Pont Street and learned
from Lilla—who had just spoken to Ena—that Mrs. Morrison of Carsphairn
was in an extremely critical condition.

"H’m!" grunted her husband.  "Then all goes as it should—eh?  No other
acute disease presents so great a liability to sudden death as
diphtheria.  I suppose the doctor, whoever he is, has been all along
examining the patient’s heart for any indication of an approaching
catastrophe."

"But sudden death can’t take place—can it?" asked Lilla.

"Oh, yes," replied her husband in a voice of authority.  "The more
insidious forms of sudden death from diphtheria take place through the
nervous system and heart.  In such a case the pulse beats only twenty or
thirty a minute—and that is probably what has aroused the doctor’s
fears."

"But, according to Ena, she hasn’t a very bad throat."

"That may be so," he said, speaking in the way of a medical man.  "She
may have an extension of the false membrane into the air passage, which
would block the larynx trachea or bronchi, which is always gradual, and
may be fatal.  But if the doctor has come to the conclusion that she’s
in a very bad way, I should think that the end will come this evening."

"You’ll dine at Ena’s—eh?"

"Of course I will.  I’ll be there just after seven," he said, and, after
leisurely finishing a cigarette, he left her.

Just before half-past seven he entered Ena Pollen’s flat, where Lilla
was already seated in the drawing-room. He wore a simple blue serge
suit, for that night he had come straight from Hammersmith, and had not
dressed to go to a restaurant or the theatre.

"Well?" he asked the Red Widow.  "Anything fresh?"

"Nothing.  I telephoned to Golder’s Green an hour ago, and found Miss
Propert was most despondent."

"Poor dear!" laughed Lilla.  "What a pity! Her bill will be paid all
right—so she needn’t fret!"

Presently they sat down to a very pleasant little dinner, where, with
sardonic laughter, the trio of death-dealers lifted their glasses of
champagne to "dear Augusta’s speedy recovery."

After dinner they returned to the drawing-room, where they took their
liqueurs and coffee, all three being in excellent spirits.

The only serious moment was when the Red Widow suddenly remarked:

"I don’t half like the situation concerning that young fellow Durrant!
Do you know, I feel some strange presage of evil—I mean that we may have
made a slip there."

"Slip!" laughed Boyne derisively.  "Nothing of the kind, my dear Ena!  I
saw to that all right. And surely you can trust me?"

"But suppose we have?"

"No need to worry further about him.  He won’t trouble us any more."

"The next person to be silenced is that girl," Lilla said in a hard
voice.

"Yes," was Boyne’s slow reply.  "I think I’ve formed a plan which will
be just as successful as that we carried out concerning her too
inquisitive lover."

And as he spoke, he blew a cloud of smoke from his lips and watched it
curl towards the ceiling.

Suddenly—it was then about ten o’clock—almost as the words fell from his
lips, the telephone bell rang sharply.

All three started.

"Ah!" gasped Ena, springing up.  "There you are!  At last!"

"Yes," she replied, taking up the receiver. Then, listening, she
exclaimed: "Oh! you, Miss Propert—well?  Oh!  How dreadful!—how very
sad!  She passed away ten minutes ago!  Thank you so much for telling
me.  I’m so sorry—so very sorry!"

And she replaced the receiver.

"You look sorry!" laughed Boyne.  "Really, it is most distressing to
think that we shall very soon draw ten thousand pounds!" he added
mockingly, whereat the two women laughed gaily, for the coup so
elaborately prepared had at last been brought off!




                             *CHAPTER XIX*

                       *WHAT HAPPENED TO GERALD*


The days passed, and Marigold, hearing nothing further from Gerald,
called again at Mincing Lane, and there learned that they had not heard
again from young Durrant.

A clerk had been sent over to Ealing to inquire about him, but had
returned with the information that, instead of being ill, he had not
been seen by his sister.

"The firm at once suspected something wrong with the books," said the
female clerk of whom she made the inquiry, "but Mr. Durrant was such an
honest, straightforward young man that we all ridiculed the idea."

"Have the books been examined?" asked Marigold breathlessly.

"Oh, yes; and nothing has been found wrong."

The girl drew a sigh of relief.

She then showed the clerk the telegram she had received from Birmingham,
and she, in turn, promised to show it to the principal when he came in.

Marigold Ramsay walked down Mincing Lane to Fenchurch Street in gloom
and despair.  She returned to the bank and sat at her books, unable to
work, unable to do anything, save to wonder why Gerald had so suddenly
left her.  Yet he had bidden her not to worry over him and had promised
to return.

That evening she went over to Hammersmith, and her aunt, noticing how
pale and worried she looked, inquired the reason, asking:

"Have you heard yet from Mr. Durrant?"

"No, auntie.  Unfortunately, I haven’t, but I’m expecting to hear every
day."

"Funny he went away like that, wasn’t it?" the deaf old woman remarked,
though inwardly she suspected that there had been some quarrel between
them, and that he had left her in consequence.

"Yes," replied the girl faintly.  Then she asked after Mr. Boyne.

"Oh! he’s been away four days now.  He said he was going into Wales on
some insurance business, and would be away a week or perhaps ten days."

"Unusual for him to go away, isn’t it?" Marigold remarked.

"Yes.  He’s never been away for more than a week together in all the
time I’ve been with him."

The girl left Hammersmith early, and, returning to Wimbledon Park, sat
at her window and wept for a long time before retiring to rest.  To her
the world was empty and hopeless without Gerald.

What had she done, she wondered, that he should have left her in that
fashion.  That he was following Boyne was a mere excuse, she felt sure.
It irritated her to think that he should try to deceive her.  What was
he doing in Birmingham?  If there were reasons why he did not wish to
return to London, then why did he not give her his address, and then she
could easily have run up to see him.

The more she thought it over the more mystified did she become.

The mystery was increased three days later when, on returning from the
City, she found a telegram on the table in the narrow hall.

Her heart leapt as she tore it open.

It had been sent from Paris, of all places, and read:


"_Sorry could not write, dear.  Do not worry. Shall be back soon.  Have
wired to the office. Love._—GERALD."


"Love!—Gerald!" she repeated aloud to herself. "Oh! why does he not give
me an address, so that I can write to him?  It’s cruel—very cruel of him
to keep me in suspense like this!" she cried in a frenzy of despair.

She ate sparingly in the little dining-room of the jerry-built villa—for
nowhere is the jerry-builder more in evidence than in Wimbledon Park,
with his white-painted gables and his white-painted balconies to his
six-roomed houses.  But let us not misunderstand. It is best for the
workers—the brains and backbone of England—to live in smiling houses,
even though jerry-built, than in many of those grey, rain-sodden houses
of the Midlands and the North, where the "knocker-up" pursues his
calling each dawn and the factory hooter sounds all too early.

Personally, the writer here declares that he has no love for the
capitalist.  The latter has too often, ever since the Early Victorian
days, been either a swindler or an aristocrat of bad intentions, and the
jerry-builder was the natural outcome of his parting with his estate.

Poor Marigold!  She could go no farther in the maze of doubt and
uncertainty.

A dozen times that night she re-read the mysterious, but unconvincing,
message.  She was a girl of high intelligence, or she would not have
been employed by the bank.  The whole affair puzzled her, as it would
indeed have puzzled anybody.

Next day after her luncheon she went round again to Mincing Lane, and
made inquiry regarding the missing man.

The same girl told her that the principal had received a mysterious wire
from Paris.

"I saw the telegram," she said.  "It was from Paris, and was quite
abrupt, saying that he would probably return in a week or so."

"But what does it all mean?" asked the distressed girl.

"I really don’t know," replied the other girl. "Mr. Durrant’s gone away,
and that’s all!"

That night Marigold went over to Ealing, and to Gerald’s sister she
showed the telegram.  It puzzled her sorely.

"Whatever can Gerald be doing in Paris?" she exclaimed.  "Why could he
not write to us, eh?"

"I don’t know," was the reply of the unnerved girl.  "I think he ought
to send us some address."

"But he may do so later," replied his sister. "Gerald is a man of
business.  He would realise how troubled we all are."

"He seems to have faded out of existence," said the girl, seated in the
front parlour of the neat little villa of the neat suburban road.

"Yes," said his sister.  "He certainly does.  I await a letter each
morning, but none comes."

"But what can he be doing in Paris?" queried Marigold.  "Without a
doubt, he has lost the confidence of his firm.  He pretended to be lying
ill here, and they have found out that he isn’t ill at all!"

"Yes.  The other day a middle-aged man came to see him, but I was forced
to admit that he wasn’t here—that he was missing," replied Gerald’s
sister.

Marigold went home utterly dispirited.  What could she do?  It was
useless to go to the police and raise a hue and cry regarding a man who,
from time to time, telegraphed to his employers and to her that he was
on the point of returning.  So she was compelled to wait.

Gerald Durrant had disappeared.  He had sent her messages, it is true,
messages of comfort, yet when she argued within herself, she saw that he
ought, at least, to have given her some address to which she could reply
by letter or by telegram.

True, Boyne was absent.  But he had only been absent for a few days,
while her lover had been missing very much longer.

Four more days of blank despair crept slowly by. Seated beneath her
green-shaded light at the bank, with her great ledger before her,
Marigold reckoned up the columns of figures mechanically, and handed
them to be checked.  They were accounts of all classes of merchants,
mostly of profiteers, firms who had made fortunes out of the valour and
blood of the gallant fellows who had given their lives for Britain. She
felt so unhappy without her lover.  Gerald, who had directed those
investigations concerning the hooded man who was her aunt’s employer,
had disappeared with startling suddenness, yet he had assured her that
he was following some mysterious clue.

The latter she had proved, by reason of the knowledge of Boyne’s
movements, to be non-existent. Was her lover deceiving her?  That
suspicion caused her the greatest irritation and annoyance.

That evening she sauntered along Pont Street, and looked up at the
red-brick house which Boyne had entered on that well-remembered night.
But the place was in complete darkness, save for a light in the
servants’ quarters.

Then again she went to Bridge Place, and learned from the old deaf woman
that her master had not yet returned.

"He’s having a very nice long holiday," said Mrs. Felmore.  "And he
deserves it, too—a-tramping about Hammersmith all day and in all
weathers, as he does."

Three weeks went past, but no further word had come from Gerald, either
to his principal, his sister, or to his well-beloved.

Gerald Durrant had, truth to tell, met with some strange and startling
adventures since the night of his disappearance.

In the darkness on that well-remembered night he was walking along the
Kensington Road towards Knightsbridge, following Boyne at a respectful
distance, and keeping a wary eye upon him, without arousing any
suspicion as he naturally believed.

While passing the railings of Kensington Gardens, close to Queen’s Gate,
he saw a female figure lying upon the pavement with a lady bending over
her concernedly.

Hastening up, he found both ladies to be well dressed, and inquired what
had occurred.

"Oh, dear!" cried the elder lady, in great distress.  "My sister has
just slipped down on a piece of banana peel, I think, and she’s broken
her ankle. She can’t move, and she doesn’t speak.  She has fainted.  I—I
wonder, sir, if you would be so kind as to call me a taxi."

"Certainly I will," replied Gerald, with his usual gallantry.  "If
you’ll stay here, I’ll go back to the rank.  I passed it a few minutes
ago, and there was a taxi there."

So he dashed back, got into the cab, and was soon on the spot where the
lady, who had recovered consciousness, was standing on one foot, unable
to put the other to the ground.

"It’s so extremely kind of you," said the elder lady, while the injured
one expressed faint thanks. Then, assisted by the driver, the lady was
seated in the conveyance.

"I really don’t know how I shall get her up the stairs," exclaimed the
elder woman.  "We live in a flat up at Hampstead and we have no
hall-porter."

Gerald reflected a second, and suddenly recollected that Boyne was now
out of sight, so that by that unfortunate accident he was prevented from
further following him.

"I shall be very pleased to accompany you, and give you what assistance
I can," he said.  "May I get in?"

"Certainly.  It’s too kind of you," the injured lady declared.  "I fear
we are encroaching upon your time, but the taxi can bring you back to
wherever you want to go."

So Gerald got in, while the elder lady gave the man an address at
Hampstead—some mansions, the name of which he did not catch, for, at the
moment, he was in conversation with her sister.  All he recollected were
the words:

"It’s close to Hampstead tube station."

Next moment they drove off, whereupon the elder lady introduced herself
as Mrs. Evans, and her sister she said was Miss Mayne.

"We live together," she went on.  "My husband was unfortunately killed
on the Somme, so we are companions for each other."

Meanwhile Miss Mayne was evidently suffering extreme pain.

"I’m so sorry, dear," her sister exclaimed.  "But as soon as we get
home, I’ll ring up for Doctor Trueman.  He’ll no doubt soon set it
right."

"Can you move your ankle, Miss Mayne?" asked Gerald, who had, in turn,
already given the two ladies his name.

"Unfortunately, no—not in the least.  To try to move it causes me
excruciating pain.  I really don’t know what I shall do."

"Oh!  Surgeons nowadays are wonderful," exclaimed Gerald cheerily.
"Probably it is only a simple sprain.  At least, let us hope so."

So completely engaged in conversation was Gerald, that he did not notice
along what thoroughfare they were travelling.  Indeed, the driver had
taken an intricate route behind Regent’s Park, a district quite unknown
to the young man.

From the ladies he learned that they had been dining with a lady living
in Phillimore Place, and were on their way back to Knightsbridge tube
station on their return home when the accident happened.  That they were
refined, well-bred ladies was unquestionable, therefore he was genuinely
concerned.

At last the taxi stopped before the entrance to a large block of
inartistic-looking flats, and with difficulty Miss Mayne descended.
Then, assisted by the driver and Gerald, she, with great difficulty,
ascended to the first floor, while her sister opened the door with her
latch-key, and switched on the light.

Within it was a cosy, well-furnished abode, just as one would expect to
be the home of two refined women of good position.

Mrs. Evans paid the driver, giving him half a sovereign over his fare,
and saying:

"I shall want you to take this gentleman back to the West End presently.
So wait!"

"Very well, mum," replied the man, pleased with his tip, who then
retired.

Then, turning to Gerald, she said:

"You’ll stay a few minutes, won’t you?  I’ll telephone to the doctor."
This she did, the telephone being out in the hall, and while he sat with
Miss Mayne in the small drawing-room, he heard her sister in
conversation with Doctor Trueman.

"He’ll be here in about a quarter of an hour!" she exclaimed, as she
re-entered the room.  "How fortunate, dear, to find him in!"

"Yes.  I——  Oh!  I do hope he’ll give me something to dull this terrible
pain’" replied the other.

"No doubt he will," said Gerald encouragingly. "It is too bad of people
to throw fruit peel about the pavements.  I’ve had more than one narrow
escape from falling myself."

"It’s positively criminal!" declared Mrs. Evans, with warmth.  "Of
course you’ll stop now, and see what he says.  Mr. Durrant," she went
on, "I’m only too happy to have been of service to you."

"You’ll have something?" she suggested.  "I’m just going to get my
sister a little brandy, and I’ll get you a whisky and soda."

"No, thanks—all the same," Gerald replied. "The fact is I never drink
whisky."

"Then a glass of port wine," she laughed gaily. "You won’t refuse
that—have it, to please me, won’t you?"

He tried to protest, but she overruled him, and in the end he was forced
to accept the glass of wine which a few minutes later she brought him
upon a small silver salver, together with her sister’s liqueur glass of
old brandy.

She took nothing herself, but stood chatting as Durrant and her sister
sipped their glasses.

"That’s some very old port that was lately given to me by a friend," she
explained.  "Being a woman, I know nothing of wines, but we had a man
dining here with us the other night who pronounced it first-class."

"Yes," Gerald said.  "It is excellent, though I, too, have no knowledge
of wines, which I always think is generally pretended save in the case
of men with acute palates who are in the import trade.  The man who
to-day can sip a glass and tell its vintage is a _rara avis_," he
declared.

Mrs. Evans agreed with him.

She watched him drain his glass with satisfaction, and then urged him to
have a second one.  But he refused, for, as a matter of fact, he found a
strange sensation creeping over him.  Though he did not mention it,
being too polite, he felt across his eyes a slow, but increasing,
blindness.  Objects seemed to be receding from his gaze.  The muscles of
his throat seemed to be contracting, and he felt his cheeks hot and
flushed.

He tried to stir himself in his chair, but he seemed paralysed.  He
could not move!

He endeavoured to speak, to tell the two ladies of his sudden seizure,
but his tongue refused to articulate a word.

In his desperate efforts to ask them to call assistance, his hands pawed
the air convulsively, and then, of a sudden, he felt himself collapsing,
and all became blank.

Meanwhile the two women were watching him intently, and the instant they
satisfied themselves that he was unconscious, Miss Mayne—who was really
Lilla Braybourne, sat where she was, while Mrs. Evans, who was Ena
Pollen, the Red Widow—jumped up from her chair, saying eagerly:

"All’s well up till now!  I must tell Bernie."

She dashed to the telephone, and, asking for a number, spoke rapidly:

"Lilla speaking," she said.  "Bernie.  He’s here, and he’s been taken
suddenly ill.  You’d better come round at once."

She listened.  Then she said:

"Right—you’ll get here in a quarter of an hour. He’s asleep now!"

Then the pretended invalid and her pseudo-sister, leaving Gerald in the
drawing-room, where he had collapsed so suddenly after drinking the
glass of "doctored" port, went into the dining-room and mixed themselves
a stiff brandy and soda each.

Afterwards the Red Widow, descending to where the taxi was waiting, gave
the man another ten shillings, and said:

"The gentleman has changed his mind.  He’s staying here."

"All right, mum," the man replied.  "Thank you very much.  Good-night."

Starting his engine, he drove away well satisfied.




                              *CHAPTER XX*

                           *THE ROOM OF EVIL*


A quarter of an hour later Bernard Boyne stood in the room where Gerald
Durrant lay back in the arm-chair, pale as death, quite unconscious.

"So you tried to get the better of me, my young friend, did you?" he
laughed, as he stood before the inanimate figure.  "But you dropped into
the trap just as I intended.  I could easily put you out of the way, you
infernal young prig, but it might be dangerous."

"No, no!" cried Ena anxiously.  "The body would be found.  And Scotland
Yard may possibly find traces of us.  No!  Carry out your
plan—telegrams, a motor-car journey, a pretty story—and good-bye-ee!"

"Yes.  But this fellow, and the girl who is in love with him, are
distinct dangers, remember!"

"True.  But it was the girl who aroused his suspicions.  Send her
underground, if you like, and as soon as you like, for none of us have
any love for her, have we?"

"Ena," he said, his manner suddenly changing; "an idea regarding the
girl, Marigold, has just occurred to me—one that cannot be investigated,
and nothing can be brought up against us.  Leave her to me!"

"Oh, we will, Bernie!  But recollect, she must have a dose—and go out.
That’s the only way to put the tombstone over this affair.  We don’t
want any unwelcome inquiries, or any resistance by the insurance
company."

"Don’t fret, my dear Ena.  We shan’t have any real trouble, I assure
you.  We are now dealing with it in advance."  Then, turning to his
wife, he exclaimed: "Those necessary telegrams?  You have them all
ready.  Get busy, and send them.  I’ve arranged with Jimmy, in
Birmingham, and Hylda, in Paris, to send others at certain times."

"Great Scott, Bernie!  Your brain is wonderful!" exclaimed Ena in
admiration.  "How can you think out all these details in such a short
space of time?"

"When one is in danger one takes due precaution—and at once.  I always
do so," he laughed.  "This fellow and his girl have tried to spy upon
us—and we have to deal with them as they would deal with us.  If they
discovered anything they would at once tell the police, and very soon
our game would be up. Hence, we have to put matters square at the least
possible risk to ourselves," he added.

He took up the glass from which Gerald had drunk the excellent port, and
carried it into the small kitchen, where he carefully washed it.
Afterwards Ena handed him a small phial which he also carefully washed,
and then half filled it with something he took from his pocket.  The
bottle was full of that cheap, but pungent, perfume—oil of verbena.
When he had half filled the small bottle, he corked it and placed it in
a cupboard in the kitchen, thus removing all trace of the deleterious
liquid which the little phial had previously contained.

Lilla had gone out, but half an hour later she drove up to the door in a
small open car.  The manner in which she pulled up showed her to be a
good driver.

The inhabitants of the whole block of flats—those houses piled upon one
another, which are admittedly cheap to run, but which are so very
expensive from a health point of view—were asleep when, assisted by the
two women, and treading softly, they placed Durrant in the car, heavy
and unconscious owing to the drug which had been given him.

Lilla then mounted to the driver’s seat, and, leaving Ena to close the
flat and return to Upper Brook Street as best she could, Boyne and his
wife, with their unconscious victim in the bottom of the car, sped out
across Hampstead Heath, and northward upon the Great North Road.

Not till forty-eight hours afterwards did Gerald Durrant slowly and
painfully awake to a knowledge of his surroundings.  By that time
Marigold and the others had been reassured by the telegrams.

Gerald’s first impression was of a strange, rather healthful smell—a
smell of tar.  He looked around. The ceiling of the room was low—a
ceiling which badly required whitewashing.  Before him was a small
square window—a very small window.  And he was lying fully dressed upon
a narrow iron bedstead.

Apparently the house was an old cottage, but quite unfamiliar.  He tried
to think, but his brain was addled.  His memory refused to serve him.
The sun was shining in at the window, and the little room seemed close
and stuffy.  It was the sunset, he gathered.

Try how he would, he could recollect absolutely nothing.  All he could
recollect were the faces of those two women whom he had assisted in
their distress.

He strove to think.  At last, he recollected how Mrs. Evans had given
him that glass of good port, and how afterwards they had chatted
together. Then all was blank.

Of time he had no idea.  What, he wondered, would Marigold think of his
absence?  And what would they think at the office?

His first impulse was to wire to Wimbledon Park and to Mincing Lane.
Yes, it was imperative that he should do so.

Yet he knew not where he was, for as he raised himself upon his elbow
from the bed, he saw that the only look-out from the small window was a
high brick wall, apparently the wall of a warehouse.  The room was dusty
and uncleanly.  There was no carpet—nothing save a very ragged square of
black-and-white linoleum.  He got up and, dazed as he was, he tried the
door.  It was strongly bolted from without!

He shouted—yelled at the top of his voice, but nobody came.  Upon the
little deal table he saw something which told him that he was a
prisoner—a jug containing some water, and a plate with some
unwholesome-looking cooked meat and some bread.

He examined them with a rising feeling of indignation.  Then, in a fury,
he raised a heavy wooden chair, and savagely attacked the door.  Time
after time, he took it by its leg and banged it upon the door, making a
tremendous noise.  Yet the strong oak resisted every attempt, until,
piece by piece, the chair was broken up.  Then he looked around for
something stronger.  There was a rusty iron fender. This he took up, and
using it as a battering ram struck the door repeatedly.  But the fender
being of cast iron broke in half, but made no injury to the door.

He crossed to the window and, smashing the glass, tried to open it.  But
outside were strong iron bars.  He was indeed a prisoner!

In desperation he flung the mattress from the bed, and, taking down the
bedstead, attacked the door vigorously with one of the iron bars.  He
used the end—for it was hammered out—as a crowbar and succeeded after
long effort in inserting it between the door and the lintel, but so well
was it secured by bolts that he had no power to force it open, and in
the end the thin iron bent, and thus became useless.

Presently he hammered on the floor, and tried to awaken somebody, still
all to no purpose.  In the meanwhile, darkness was falling and soon he
would, he knew, be without light.  Notwithstanding that his head was
aching terribly, and there was a feeling as though his skull was slowly
being crushed in a vice, he set to work to liberate himself in another
way.

He tore aside the old linoleum, and succeeded in forcing up one of the
dirty floor-boards.  This he followed by another, and yet a third, until
below was revealed the plaster of the ceiling of the room underneath.

Then, taking a heavy piece of the bedstead, he struck down with all his
might.

The iron struck the plaster, but, contrary to his expectation, he was
unable to force a hole through the ceiling.  Then, suddenly, to his
dismay, he discovered that what he had believed to be plaster was
concrete—that the floor was a fireproof one, and that being so, any
attempt to penetrate it without proper tools was foredoomed to failure.

He gazed about him, utterly bewildered.

What could have happened after he had drunk that glass of port so kindly
offered him by the handsome Mrs. Evans?  That he was in the hands of
enemies it was plain, but who were they?  He wondered whether his
incarceration in that place had any connection with his inquisitiveness
concerning Bernard Boyne.

He reflected.  Boyne had not been cognisant of being followed.  He was
convinced of that.  Had he been so, he would not have paid those
nocturnal visits to Pont Street and Upper Brook Street.

In the evening light he stood utterly perplexed. At his feet he saw that
the boards were discoloured by a large brown stain some three feet in
diameter. One part of it was thick, as though dark paint had been
spilled there.  He bent to examine it more closely, and from the wood
scraped a portion of the thick substance with his finger-nail.

The stuff seemed curiously sticky, very much like paint.  He took it
across to the window, and there examined it minutely in the light,
rubbing it between his thumb and forefinger.

Next moment a cry of horror escaped him. "Great Heavens!" he gasped.
"Why—it’s blood!"

Apparently there had been a pool of blood there, but it had nearly all
dried up, save that portion which had not yet become completely
hardened.

What could it mean?

He returned to the spot which had been immediately beneath where he had
lain upon the bed.  Had some previous occupant of that barred room been
foully done to death while sleeping?  It certainly seemed that such was
the explanation.

"Who brought me here, I wonder?" he said aloud to himself, as the
ghastly suggestion crept over him.  "What is Marigold thinking of my
disappearance? What can they think of it at the office?"

Across the narrow room he paced in frantic anger at having been so
entrapped without the slightest motive.  The dead silence of the place
oppressed him.  Without knowledge of where he was, either in London or
in the country, he set his teeth and regretted the moment when he went
to the assistance of the two women.  Yet, surely, they could have
nothing to do with his detention there?  The absence of motive held him
completely perplexed.

In the fast-fading light he made a complete and minute inspection of
that chamber wherein he had made the gruesome discovery.  If someone had
really been done to death in that place recently, then there might be
other traces of the tragedy.  Further, how was he to know that he, in
turn, would not fall a victim!

Hastily, because the light was going, he turned out a cupboard, but
found nothing save a quantity of newspapers.  Some rubbish in the rusty
fireplace he examined, but his search there was also fruitless.

Then he turned his attention to a long, narrow double-doored cupboard
let into the wall close to the bed.  One door was bolted from within,
and the other locked.  To force it open was only the work of a few
moments.  Within he found a quantity of feminine apparel of good
quality, a skirt, shoes, and other things.

One object which he took up caused him to ejaculate another cry of
horror, and to hold his breath.

He carried it across to the broken window, and there bent to see if what
he suspected was the actual truth.

Yes!  He satisfied himself that it was.  What he held in his hand was a
woman’s cream _crêpe-de-chine_ blouse, prettily trimmed with lace, but
the neck, chest, and all over the left sleeve were stained with blood!

"Then the victim was a woman!" he gasped aloud.

Quickly he examined all the other articles of attire, but found no
traces of blood upon any other. He decided to keep his knowledge to
himself, so that when he escaped, as he intended to do, he might at once
inform the police of what he had found. Therefore he instantly set to
work to replace the floor-boards, and recover them with the old piece of
linoleum which hid the great ugly stain.  Then, restoring the room to
order in the best way possible, he replaced the blouse and the other
feminine garments where he had found them, and was able—after a great
deal of difficulty, for it was nearly dark—to place the two doors of the
cupboard together in such a way that they closed, so that all trace of
them being forced was thus removed.

That some unknown woman had recently lost her life in that place was now
quite certain.  After he had put the place in order again—all save
re-erecting the bedstead, for this could not be done, neither could he
mend the broken chair—he stood in the darkness pondering.  It was
impossible to remain in that horrible place all night.  If he slept he
might be attacked, as the poor woman had probably been.  And in his
half-dazed condition he needed sleep badly.

His one thought was of Marigold.

"What will she think, poor girl!" he cried aloud in his anguish.  "What
has she done now that I am missing?"

He listened.  There was no sound save the chiming of a church clock in
the distance, followed by the shrill whistle of a locomotive.  Then he
heard the long-drawn siren of a ship repeated three times, but some
distance away.  Evidently the place was near a river, or perhaps by the
sea.  That would account for the smell of tar.

Then all became quiet again.  The silence and darkness began to get upon
his nerves until he could stand it no longer.  The thought that a dark
tragedy had been perpetrated upon that very spot where he stood filled
him with horror.

Therefore at last he again went to the window, and began to send up some
unearthly yells in a fierce endeavour to attract the attention of
somebody outside.

Time after time he repeated his shouts, but nobody answered.  He could
hear the voices of two common women gossiping, and though he could not
see them he shouted to them.  But they only deigned to yell back.

"Oh, shut up!  Do shut up—whoever you are!"

Suddenly he recollected that drunken brawls and cries for help are only
too frequent in lower-class neighbourhoods, therefore his cries for
assistance, though they must be heard, were being disregarded.

So he desisted, and resolved to remain patient a further quarter of an
hour, and then resume his cries for help.

He was standing in the darkness near the window when a slight and
curious movement behind him caused him to turn sharply.

Beneath the door he saw a light, but whoever was there wore rubber soles
to their shoes, for they made no sound.  The slight noise which had
fallen upon his strained ears was the slow and stealthy drawing of a bar
outside the door.

Someone was creeping noiselessly in!

On tiptoe he crossed, and, seizing the bar of iron, sprang behind the
door, his hand raised ready to fell any person who entered.

The handle of the door was very slowly turned, but next second—ere he
became aware of it—a strange thing happened.




                             *CHAPTER XXI*

                              *LOST DAYS*


As the door of the room in which he was imprisoned slowly opened, and he
stood ready to attack the new-comer and fight for his liberty, he became
suddenly blinded and rendered utterly powerless by a burst of heavy grey
smoke.

He drew one whiff of it, and, reeling, fell senseless upon the floor.

Then, as the fumes which had rendered him unconscious slowly cleared,
there stood in the dim light a form wearing an exact replica of the
white cloak and hood which Bernard Boyne used when he visited that
upstairs room in Hammersmith.  The window being broken, and now that the
door was open too, the fumes quickly dispersed, yet Gerald lay there
where he had fallen, pale as death, and breathing only slightly.

"A heavy dose!" laughed the hooded man grimly.  "He won’t get over it
for quite a long time!"

And then he turned and left, leaving the door still open, so that all
trace of the poisonous vapour which he had released from a heavy iron
cylinder should be removed.

An hour later he returned, but without his cloak, for the gas-mask was
no longer needed.  He carried an electric torch, which he flashed into
the white face of the unconscious victim.

"You’ll soon go away—never to return!" growled the mysterious man aloud;
and then suddenly by the reflection of the light his face became
revealed.

It was Bernard Boyne.

"The fellow knows too much—and so does the girl!" he muttered to
himself.  "We must deal with her next.  But she’s not yet dangerous.
Still, as Lilla says, in our business we can’t afford to take any risks.
So stay there for the present, my friend," he added.

And bending he felt the prostrate man’s pulse in the professional manner
of a medical man.  Then, apparently well satisfied, he crossed the room,
closed the window and, after locking the door outside again, descended
the stairs.

When young Durrant at last began to slowly recover his senses, he
awakened to find himself seated in an arm-chair in a small and not
uncomfortable cabin on board a ship.  The vessel was rolling heavily,
and ever and anon the waves swept up past the porthole, partially
obscuring the light.

He drew his hand across his fevered brow and endeavoured to think.  But
all was hazy, uncertain, and unreal.  Was he still dreaming? he asked
himself.  He placed both his hands upon the arms of the leather-covered
chair and felt them.  No!  It was no dream!  He was on a ship at sea!

Suddenly across his brain swept recollections of that room in which he
had been imprisoned—that gruesome chamber with its unmistakable evidence
of a tragedy—the place in which some unknown woman had been foully done
to death.  He remembered his meeting with those two ladies outside
Kensington Gardens, their hospitality and its dire result.  At any rate,
there was one satisfaction, that his enemies, whoever they were, had
spared his life.

He rose, his limbs feeling very sore and stiff. How long had elapsed
since he had so suddenly met that mysterious burst of smoke he had no
idea.  Nor had he any knowledge of where he had been, or where that room
of tragedy was situated.  All remained a complete blank.

In rising to his feet he nearly fell owing to the heavy roll of the
vessel—a steamer evidently, for he could feel the vibration of the
engines.  Unsteadily he opened the door, and found himself in a narrow
gangway, with several cabins on either side. Opposite him a door stood
open, revealing a burly, dark-bearded man in uniform lounging in a
chair, smoking a pipe and reading a book.

Hearing Gerald’s footsteps he turned his head.

"Hulloa!" he cried roughly.  "Got over your drunk then, Mr. Simpson?
Come in here!"

"Thanks," was Durrant’s reply.  "But I never drink, and my name is not
Simpson."

"Ah!  I thought you’d say that!  Sit down, anyway," the captain
remarked, with a good-humoured laugh.  "Yesterday when we had a chat,
you didn’t deny that your name was George Simpson, did you?"

"I don’t remember having had a chat with you yesterday," replied Gerald,
amazed at the captain’s words.

"Ah!  You don’t remember much, do you?  Got a very bad memory, I know."

"No, I’ve got a pretty good memory, and to my knowledge I’ve never seen
you in my life before."

"And yet you spent last night with me, and drank more than you ought to
have done.  Whisky is a bad thing for you, young fellow.  You should
leave it alone.  Never drink till you’re forty-five.  That’s what I
say."

Durrant sank into the chair, and gazed around the captain’s cabin
absolutely bewildered.

"What ship is this?" he asked at last.

"You asked me that yesterday.  This is the _Pentyrch_, of Sunderland,
bound from Hull to Singapore," was the reply.

"And we are on our way there!" gasped the young man in blank dismay.

"Yes.  Three days out."

"Where are we now?"

"Off Finisterre."

"Will you tell me your name, Captain?" Durrant asked quite calmly.

"Bowden—John Bowden.  And I live at Empress Villa, Queen Street,
Sunderland.  Aged forty-one; married; two kids.  Anything more?"

"Yes, a lot," was the other’s reply.

"You asked me a lot of questions about the ship last night, and I told
you.  We’ve got a general cargo, and after Singapore we go to Batavia,
then to Wellington, New Zealand, and back home."

"How long shall we be away?"

"Oh! perhaps nine months—perhaps more if I get other orders," was
Bowden’s breezy reply. "This old tub ain’t very fast, you know.  She
isn’t one of your slap-up liners.  We never have passengers.  I don’t
like ’em.  Only Mr. Morton asked me to take you out for the benefit of
your health, and I consented."

"Mr. Morton!  Who’s he?"

"A friend of yours, isn’t he?"

"I don’t know anyone of that name," declared Gerald astounded.

Captain Bowden looked straight into the young man’s face for a few
moments in silence, and then, nodding his head, said:

"Ah!  Of course!"

"Why of course?" asked Gerald in annoyance at the captain’s tone.

The other only shrugged his shoulders, and continued puffing at his big
briar pipe.

Gerald was utterly mystified.

Since that moment when he had lost consciousness in the presence of the
two ladies he had assisted until the present, all his recollections were
blurred and indistinct.  Bowden had accused him of drinking heavily the
night before.  Yet he felt certain that he had never previously set eyes
upon the black-bearded man before him.  His unknown enemies had spared
his life, but they had sent him out upon a nine months’ voyage,
evidently to get rid of him for some reasons known to themselves.

Was Bernard Boyne at the bottom of it all?  He wondered.  Yet Boyne
could not know anything of his efforts to unravel the mystery of his
life.  How could he possibly know?

"Look here, Captain Bowden," he said firmly at last.  "Let us be frank
with each other."

"I’m always frank, young man—too frank for some people!" was the bluff
seafarer’s reply.

"Well, be frank with me.  Tell me—do you know any man named
Boyne—Bernard Boyne?"

"Never heard the name before," snapped the other.  "What about him?"
And he crossed his legs encased in his heavy sea-boots.

"Well, I thought perhaps you might know him," Durrant said.  Then,
catching sight of the coat he was wearing, he was surprised to see that
it was unfamiliar—a heavy blue-serge suit, such as he had never before
possessed.  The mystery increased as each moment passed.

"No.  I don’t know any man named Boyne. Who and what is he?"

"He’s an insurance agent at Hammersmith."

"That’s somewhere in London, ain’t it?"

"Yes.  I’m a Londoner."

"Oh, are you?  Yes, I thought so."

"Why did you think so?" asked Durrant.

"Because I know you come from Liverpool."

"You’re trying to be funny!"

"Oh, no, I’m not!  It’s you who always tries to be funny, young fellow.
You sat with me here, in my cabin, last night, and yet to-day you deny
having done so."

Gerald rose from his chair, intending to firmly withstand the
black-bearded fellow’s ridiculous allegations, but at that instant he
felt that same half-intoxication creeping over him, and he subsided.

"Captain Bowden, I’m sorry to tell you that I honestly think you are
lying to me," he said a moment later.

"Thanks for the compliment, Mr. Simpson.  I won’t retort because you’ll
be ill if I do.  We’re in for bad weather in the Bay, I’m afraid.  Glass
falling with a run."

"I’ve never been to sea before," remarked Gerald hopelessly, yet
surprised that the captain should take his challenge so mildly.

"Well, you’ll get your sea-legs on this voyage, I can tell you," laughed
the heavy-jowled captain.

At that moment the first mate came in, holding himself as he stood
against the heavy rolling of the tramp steamer.

"Cargo is shifting a bit in number four hold, sir," he said.  "Shall I
tell Jenkins to call the men and see to it?"

"Yes.  Do what the devil you like, Hutton," snapped the captain.  "I see
we’re in for hellish weather.  Look at the glass!"

"I noticed it half an hour ago, sir.  We shall catch it strong after
sundown."

"Yes, we shall.  Better make everything tight now."

Then, turning to Durrant, Captain Bowden, refilling his pipe, remarked:

"That’s the worst of these cursed old tubs.  But you see, after the war
they can’t get new ones.  All those labour troubles on the Clyde have
interfered with shipbuilding.  I was promised a brand-new boat a year
ago.  But she’s still on the stocks.  When she goes out I shall do the
ferry trade from the Levant to London—four weeks out and home."

"But, now tell me—who put me on board this ship?" asked Gerald.

"Who put you on board? why, your friend, Mr. Morton."

"My friend?  Why, I don’t know the man!"

Bowden smiled, and showed that he was not convinced.

"What was this fellow Morton like?" inquired Durrant eagerly.  "Describe
him to me."

"Oh! a rather tall, lean, herring-gutted chap, with a baldish head, and
narrow little eyes," was the reply.  "But you can’t tell me that you
don’t know him.  Why, you were with him when I promised to take you on
this trip."

"With him!" echoed Gerald.  "I certainly was not."

"Ah!  The worst of you, Mr. Simpson, is that you’re so forgetful,"
exclaimed the breezy captain.

"I’m not forgetful!" cried Durrant resentfully, rising to his feet
again, and steadying himself from the slow roll of the ship.  "How did
you come to know this mysterious friend of mine—Morton, you say is his
name?"

"That’s my affair!  You don’t believe me, so why should I bother to
answer your questions?"

"I don’t believe you when you say that I was here with you yesterday,"
was Gerald’s frank reply.

"No, because your brain is addled," laughed Bowden deeply, knocking the
ashes from his pipe. At that moment the ship’s bell clanged loudly,
marking the time.  It was eleven o’clock in the forenoon.

"Yes, it is addled, I admit," said Durrant.  "I’ve been the victim of a
foul plot.  I—well, let me tell you."

"Oh!  I don’t want to hear it all over again. You’ve already told me
twice how you assisted two ladies in Kensington, how they took you to
their house, and gave you a dose of drug.  Then, how you found yourself
imprisoned in a house, and all that long rigmarole.  Spare me
again—won’t you?" the captain begged.

Durrant stood aghast.

"But I’ve never told you anything about it!" he said.  "I’ve never told
a living soul about my strange adventure."

"Look here, Mr. Simpson," said the captain, rising from his chair with
slow deliberation.  "I’m beginning to think that you’re not quite in
your right senses.  You told us all about it last night in this very
cabin—how you had been entrapped, drugged, and taken away."

"Yes.  That is quite true, but I have never told anyone of it."

"Well, the less you say about that affair the better, I think.  Nobody
will believe you."

"But don’t you think I’m telling the truth?"

"No.  I know you are not.  Morton told me that you were obsessed by the
belief that you’ve been the victim of some very cunning plot, and that
you were drugged," said the captain.  "Now, just forget all about it,
and enjoy your trip!" he added good-humouredly.

"Ah!  This person, Morton, has told you, has he? He told you so as to
discredit me when I explained to you the truth," cried Durrant.  "But
what I have told you are the true facts."

"Oh, of course they are!" laughed the captain.

"But don’t let us discuss it any more."

"Where did I come on board?"

"Why, at Hull, of course.  Four days ago."

"At Hull!" gasped Gerald.  "I have no recollections of ever having been
in Hull."

"Neither have you any recollections of ever having been born, eh?"
remarked Bowden, with biting sarcasm.

"Did Morton bring me on board?"

"Certainly."

"And he paid you to take me on this trip?"

"No, excuse me.  We pay you.  You’ve signed on as steward at a bob a day
wages.  We’re not licensed to carry passengers.  The Board o’ Trade
don’t like such old tubs as the _Pentyrch_.  Yet she’s a good old boat,
I’ll say that much for her.  You’ll see England again all right, never
fear—unless the bloomin’ boilers burst.  They’re none too strong, I’m
afraid."

"You’re not over cheerful, Captain Bowden," the young man remarked, more
puzzled than ever at the extraordinary situation.

"Oh, I’m cheerful enough.  It’s you who seems to be a-worryin’ over
things."

"Well, and wouldn’t you worry if you were drugged, waking first to find
yourself locked in a strange room, and then again wakening a second time
to discover yourself at sea?"

"You want rest, my dear young fellow—rest! And you’ll get it here on the
old tub.  The weather will be better when we get along the West Coast."

"How can I send a message to London?"

"We ain’t got wireless.  Too expensive for such a hooker as this.  It
means an operator with lightnin’ round his cap.  So you’ll have to wait
till we get to Singapore, and then you can cable."

Wait for five or six weeks till the vessel arrived at Singapore!  What
would Marigold think?  What was she thinking now?

He was, of course, in ignorance of those cleverly worded and reassuring
telegrams.

"Can’t I get a message ashore anyhow—by signal to one of Lloyd’s
stations?" he begged.

"No, you can’t, for we’re going straight out. Usually we go up the
Mediterranean and through the Canal, but this trip we’re going round the
Cape."

"But surely you will allow me to communicate with my friends, captain!"
he urged in distress.

"You certainly could if we had orders to put in anywhere.  But we
haven’t.  I can’t send a letter to my missus, for instance.  She’ll know
of our arrival at Singapore because the owners will send her a line, as
they always do."

"All this is maddening!" declared Durrant, angrily stamping his foot.

"Yes, Morton said you were a bit eccentric, and it seems that you are!"
remarked Bowden, taking down his shiny black oilskin which had borne the
brunt of many a storm.

"I must go on the bridge—or Hutton will be cursing," he added.  "Get
your oilskin—you’ve got one in your cabin—and go and have a blow on
deck. It will do you good—blow out the cobwebs, and freshen up your
memory a bit."

Gerald returned to his cabin and found a black oilskin hanging behind
the door.  He put it on and, taking an old golf cap, ascended the
hatchway to the deck, which was, ever and anon, being drenched with salt
spray.

A glance around showed the _Pentyrch_ to be a dirty old tramp, which was
loping along in the teeth of a northerly gale.

"See yonder!" exclaimed the captain, pointing to a little line of land.
"That’s the last bit of Europe we’ll see!  To-morrow the weather will be
a lot better. Have a look round the ship before dinner.  And don’t you
trouble about that marvellous plot against you. There’s nothing at all
in it—take it from me!  Your friends are all aware of your
hallucinations, and they are much pained by them.  So just keep
quiet—and rest all you can."

While Bowden ascended to the bridge to relieve the first mate, Gerald
explored the ship.  He came across one or two rough sailors, who either
wished him a sullen "Good-day," or stared at him as though he were some
new species.

As a matter of fact, Bowden had given it out to the crew that their
passenger was an eccentric, but harmless young man, who was labouring
under the delusion that an attempt had been made to kill him. Hence the
men’s curiosity.

Gerald Durrant was unused to the sea, and in his present unstrung
condition, he was indeed scarcely responsible for his actions.

But what the captain had told him had astounded him.  The description of
his mysterious "friend" Morton—a man who was evidently his
enemy—certainly did not tally with that of Bernard Boyne.

Yet he could not erase from his mind the suspicion that Boyne had had a
hand in that plot by which he had been carried away from London—just at
a moment when his presence there was so much needed.

Again, as he stood against the hatchway gazing wistfully at the distant
French coast that was fast disappearing, the thought suddenly occurred
to him that if his disappearance was actually due to Boyne, then the
latter must have, somehow or other, discovered the fact that he was
keeping him under observation.

If Boyne had really found it out, then he would also know that Marigold
had been assisting him. This would, no doubt, lead him to suspect the
real motive of her two stays at Bridge Place.

Bernard Boyne would entrap her—just as he had been entrapped!

In his despair he saw himself powerless, either to warn or to assist the
girl he so fondly loved!




                             *CHAPTER XXII*

                          *FROM OUT THE PAST*


After Boyne, his wife, and Ena Pollen—the trio of death-dealers—received
the news of the death of Augusta Morrison, the go-to-meeting insurance
agent of Hammersmith had left the flat and gone forth into Upper Brook
Street.  He had to meet a man in the smoke-room of the Carlton.

Suddenly, as he passed beneath a street lamp on his way towards Park
Lane, a well-dressed girl accosted him, exclaiming with a strong French
accent:

"Ah!  M’sieur Bennett!  At last!  I have wanted to see you for—oh! for
so long—long time!"

Boyne started.  The maid, Céline, for it was she, was the very last
person in the world that he desired to meet at that moment.  All had
been successfully conducted concerning Augusta Morrison, but here arose
the aftermath of a very ugly affair—the death of old Mr. Martin in
Chiswick.

At first he pretended not to recognise the girl who had been paid off by
Ena, for he hoped to wriggle out of the precarious situation by bluff.

"No, no, m’sieur," cried the girl.  "Surely you recollect me!  I am
Céline—who was maid to madame—your friend!  You remember poor Mr.
Martin—who died so suddenly—eh?" she asked.

He tried to extricate himself, but instantly it occurred to him that she
was resuming her blackmail, and that if they were to save themselves,
she must be paid more money.  She knew something concerning old Martin’s
sudden end.  That was plain.  Therefore, she would have to be silenced.
In every walk of life to-day the blackmailer of both sexes is to be
found in one guise or another.

"And are you really Céline?" he laughed, halting beneath the next lamp,
for she had joined him and had walked beside him.

"I am.  Madame lives in the house you have just left.  I saw her in
Melun a little time ago.  She so kindly called upon me."

As the girl uttered these words a man joined them, a tall, rather
cadaverous-looking stranger in black, evidently a Frenchman.

"This is Monsieur Galtier—Henri Galtier," she explained, introducing
them.

"Ah!  I recollect.  Madame told me that you are to be married—eh,
Céline?  I congratulate you," said Boyne in an affable manner.  "Pardon
my foolishness, but at first I did not recognise you as my friend."

The latter word was intentionally diplomatic.

"Yes, I thought you would recollect!" said the girl.  "Is Madame
upstairs?  I want so much to see her."

"No," replied Boyne.  "She isn’t.  I’ve just called, but she’s out."

"There are lights in her windows," remarked the man Galtier in very good
English.

"Servants, I suppose," said Boyne carelessly. "I myself went to see her
upon some business—about some shares upon which she has asked my advice.
She’s gone away for the week-end, it seems."

"H’m!" grunted the Anglo-Frenchman.  "How are we to know that?"

"Well, I tell you so," was Boyne’s blunt response.

"Do you know, M’sieur Bennett, that Madame told me that you were dead?
That you died of influenza, and here now you are coming from her house!"
said the good-looking French girl.

"Yes; she believed that I was dead.  I was away on business in Italy,
and some fool spread the report that I had died in a hotel in Naples,"
laughed Boyne, yet inwardly full of concern.  "But it was a shock to her
when one afternoon I called."

Céline Ténot was not convinced.  She had already received thirty
thousand francs to keep a still tongue, but as a matter of fact her
lover, Galtier, saw that it would be interesting, in more ways than one,
to probe the mystery of the death of old Mr. Martin.

The ill-assorted trio walked together as far as Park Lane.  At the
corner the man Galtier halted, and addressing the girl in French, said:

"We’ll go back, Céline, and see if Madame is really absent, as M’sieur
Bennett alleges."

"She is away!" exclaimed Boyne angrily. "Haven’t I told you so?  Don’t I
want to see her myself?"

The Frenchman laughed in his face.

"No, no, my dear m’sieur!  Do not tell any more lies.  We saw you go in
a long time ago.  You dined there, and Madame is there.  We both want to
see her—on—on some important business!"

Bernard Boyne held his breath.  He was cornered. He had successfully put
Gerald Durrant out upon the high seas, but here was Céline, with her
lover, watching them enter Ena’s flat in order to await the news of the
death of their latest victim!

"It’s surely late to do business with a lady," remarked Boyne, for want
of something else to say. In his excitement over the successful
conclusion of the Morrison affair, he was now met with a very unexpected
and serious contretemps.

Ena believed that she had successfully settled with the girl, but it was
evident that Galtier was a blackmailer who intended to bleed them to the
utmost.

Indeed, he had not been long in revealing his hand.

"I think, Mr. Bennett—or whatever your real name may be—you had better
drop this mask," the Frenchman said, with a sardonic grin.  "Let us come
down to the same plane.  The fact is you’re a crook—and so am I,
perhaps.  Now then!  What about it?"

"Let’s walk along," the girl suggested in French.

The trio walked together, Bernard Boyne between the pair.  They strolled
down Park Lane to Hyde Park Corner, but their conversation was mostly in
monosyllables.

Boyne was wondering how he could extricate himself from the highly
perilous situation.  It was evident that this shrewd Frenchman, who had
so suddenly risen in the placid firmament of their future, knew
something concerning the death of old Martin.

How much did he know?  That was the question.

At first Boyne tried to fence with the pair, but soon he saw that it was
of no avail.  They both laughed at him openly, and it was clear that
they had been watching him for several days.

"Now," slid Galtier, as they halted upon the pavement opposite the Hyde
Park tube station "what are you going to do?  Will you take us back to
Madame, or are you going to lie to us further? Now then!"

Boyne saw himself at a dead end.

He had never dreamed that the smart French girl of Melun, who had been
paid so handsomely by Ena, would again resume her claims.  But, of
course, the man Galtier was behind her and had, no doubt, prompted her.
Fortunately, they could know nothing of the Morrison affair—or, indeed,
of the clever plots which they were conducting against other perfectly
innocent victims.  Life assurance is always a gamble, but when one can
guarantee death within dates then one holds a winning hand every time.

"Madame isn’t at home," repeated Boyne sulkily. "Call there on Monday.
She’ll be back then."

"No, my dear M’sieur Bennett," replied the clerk from the Mairie of
Chantilly.  "If we call then she will have gone, and so will your wife."
And he laughed lightly.  "You see, I haven’t been in London all these
weeks without discovering something about all three of you!"

"But I don’t see why you should come over from France to pry into our
affairs.  What can it benefit you?" asked Boyne, who, though excited,
kept cool with difficulty.

"Oh! never fear, it will benefit us.  We know how and why old Mr. Martin
died so unexpectedly in Chiswick.  We shall also know, ere long, how
other insured persons have died, _mon cher ami_.  So we had better turn
back and have a little business chat with Céline’s late mistress, and
with your wife. That, perhaps, will clear the atmosphere."

"Ah!  I see you want money!  Both of you—eh?" snapped Boyne.

"Possibly," was the hesitating reply.  "But perhaps it would be to our
better advantage to tell the police what we know."

"That’s a threat!" cried Boyne indignantly.  "I allow no man to threaten
me!" he declared boldly. "Go back to Madame’s house.  You are welcome. I
am not her keeper."

"I would prefer to deal with you first, M’sieur Bennett."

"I don’t want to have any dealings with a person who holds out threats,"
was his answer.  "Madame paid Céline because she dismissed her without
notice," he went on carelessly.  "Just act as you wish.  And I wish you
joy.  But please don’t bother me further."

He was turning away when the Frenchman rushed after him, and stood on
the pavement before him.

"Is this your final decision?" he asked fiercely, as he barred Boyne’s
way.

"Yes.  You’ve come here to blackmail me," replied Boyne; "but you’ll not
get a sou out of me. Why should I pay you anything?  I don’t know you!
I’ve never seen you before in my life!"

"But you will be very pleased to settle," snarled the fellow in English.

"I shan’t, and if you are not very careful I’ll give you in charge of
the police for attempted blackmail."

"You swine!" cried Galtier between his teeth.

"The same to you, my dear friend—and a size larger; a bigger breed!"
laughed Boyne defiantly.

Both the man and the girl were silent for a few moments, when the latter
suddenly broke out into a torrent of abuse and vituperation.

Her companion tried to calm her, but in French she cried loudly:

"These people are assassins!  I know what I overheard on the night when
poor Monsieur Martin died.  They killed him!  And he was always very
good to me—poor M’sieur!  Madame is a fiend!" she went on.  "I do not
want her dirty money.  I want to see her pay the penalty which all those
who murder should pay!"

Boyne saw that his bluff had not succeeded.  He had to deal with a very
perilous situation.  A false step might lead them all to the Old Bailey.
The pair had evidently been watching them, and were aware that his wife
and Ena were both in the flat.

"Well," he laughed harshly, "you both appear to be on the wrong track.
Céline has, it seems, suspicions about something which she once
overheard. What it was, I do not know, because I wasn’t there; but I
tell you, both of you, that as far as I care you can go to the devil!
I’ve nothing to ask of you—nothing to fear!

"You really mean that—eh?" cried the lank, bony Frenchman.

"Certainly I do.  Clear out—and now at once, otherwise I’ll call the
first constable and give you in charge for attempted blackmail!" said
Boyne, standing erect before him.  "We’ve had foreign blackmailers here
before—lots of them—but we’ve no use for them in London."

"But Madame paid me to say nothing," urged Céline.

"What Madame did does not concern me in the least," he snapped.  "She
generously gave you something, I believe, because she considered that
she had treated you shabbily.  That’s all!"

An awkward pause ensued.

"Very well," exclaimed Galtier.  "We are enemies.  Let it be so!

"Of course we are enemies!" Boyne cried in a defiant tone that rather
nonplussed the Frenchman.

"Très bien!" he exclaimed.

"Excellent," said the wily Boyne.  "Let it be so, as you say.  We are
enemies.  So go back to Upper Brook Street and find madame.  Go and try
to blackmail her.  Meanwhile I shall call the next constable I meet and
give you both in charge as undesirable foreigners."

The Frenchman, however, only laughed in his face, saying:

"Yes, do so, _mon cher ami_!  I fancy you would regret such an action.
But we are enemies, and at any rate, I intend to see madame, your
friend."

"You want money, eh?" growled Boyne, as they stood together on the kerb.

"Perhaps we do—and perhaps we do not.  It all depends upon your
attitude—and madame’s!" he replied, with mock politeness.  "The mystery
of the death of Monsieur Martin requires elucidating, and Céline can do
that—when it becomes necessary."

"I don’t understand you," Boyne said.  "What about the old man’s death?"

"Now, that’s quite enough!" cried Galtier, in impatient anger.  "It’s no
use you, of all men, pleading ignorance, Mr. Bennett.  Céline has
already had a little present from madame to keep a still tongue, and——"

"And you want a bit more, eh?" asked Boyne bluntly.

"No.  That’s just where you are mistaken, my friend!" was the
Frenchman’s reply.  "Monsieur Martin died in mysterious circumstances,
of which both madame and yourself are well aware, and it is but right
that the police should know the truth, _otherwise we may have other
people dying in a similar manner_!"

Those last words of his caused Boyne to wince. For what reason, if not
with the object of blackmail, had Henri Galtier and Céline Ténot come to
London and tracked them down?

He knew that Ena had been indiscreet in her conversation after old
Martin’s death, but he had believed that her visit to Melun and the
payment to the girl had put matters quite right.  It seemed to him,
however, that Céline was entirely under the influence of that municipal
employé from Chantilly, whose attitude was decidedly hostile.

"Well," Boyne asked of the man, "if you don’t want money, what in the
devil’s name do you want?"

"I want to prevent you from playing any more of your hellish tricks upon
innocent people.  That’s what I want!" was the Frenchman’s hard reply,
in a tone which left no doubt as to his firm intentions.




                            *CHAPTER XXIII*

                         *THE CRY IN THE NIGHT*


Marigold, hoping against hope, went each day from Wimbledon to the bank,
where she sat adding and subtracting figures—always wondering.  Each
morning, after a hurried breakfast, she dashed to the station and hung
upon a swaying strap till she got to the City.  Each evening she
repeated the same experience home.

Gerald was missing.  No further word had come nom him.  She waited as
each day passed—waited eagerly, but he gave no sign.  Each day she went
to eat her frugal meal at the same little place, but his familiar figure
never appeared in the doorway, as she knew it so well.  His sister had
heard nothing, and at Mincing Lane they were beginning to think that he
had simply left his post without notice, perhaps in order to better
himself.

For Marigold the days passed wearily enough. Where was he?  True, he had
sent her reassuring telegrams, but even they had ceased!  He had given
no address, therefore she was unable to reply.

She was, of course, in utter ignorance that her lover was on the high
seas bound for the Far East, and that the reassuring telegrams she had
received were forgeries.

The abnormal brain of Bernard Boyne worked quickly, and ever with
criminal intent.  He was possessed of the criminal "kink," and was also
possessed of a super-mind for the evasion of any attempt at detection.
Such men, "Jack the Ripper" of London, "Romer" of Madrid, "Lightning
Lasky" of New York, and the "Ermito" of Rome—all of them famous
criminals who have never been discovered by the police of Europe, though
traps were set for them by the dozen—were exactly on a par with the
humble insurance agent of Hammersmith, the highly popular "Busy Boyne."

One evening, three days after the news had been forthcoming concerning
the death of Mrs. Morrison, Marigold went over to see her aunt at
Hammersmith, arriving there about seven o’clock.

"Hulloa, my dear!" shouted old Mrs. Felmore, when she entered the
downstairs kitchen.  "Well, and how have you been, eh?  Heard anything
of Mr. Durrant yet?"

"Not a word, auntie," replied the girl wearily.

"And funny enough Mr. Boyne’s gone away.  I haven’t seen him these last
three days.  I can’t think where he can be.  I have a kind of feeling
that something must have happened to him," said the deaf old woman.

"Why, auntie?" asked the girl, placing her hand-bag upon the table and
sinking into a chair.

"Well, he’s never gone away like this before.  He always tells me when
he intends being away."

"When was he at home last?"

"Three days ago.  He went out in the evening, and he’s not returned.
I’ve had to feed poor little Nibby, or he’d be starving," replied the
woman.

"Yes, auntie, it is curious that Mr. Boyne isn’t back."

"It’s so lonely here.  I get such creepy feelings at night, dear," said
the woman.  "It’s bad enough to be here all day alone, but—well, I don’t
know, but I have a feeling that something is going to happen."

That feeling would have been greatly increased had she but known that,
not ten minutes before, Boyne had stood at the corner of the street and
watched the girl enter his house.  Indeed, he had waited outside the
bank, and had seen Marigold come out.  Then he had followed her, and
with satisfaction, when she had taken the underground to Hammersmith.

As he followed her in the crowd along the street, he muttered some
sinister words beneath his breath:

"I have dealt with your lover, young lady," he growled to himself.  "Now
I must lose no time in dealing with you.  You have only yourselves to
blame for trying to poke your noses into my private affairs!"

Then he watched her disappear down the area steps, and afterwards
crossed the bridge, and made a call upon a man he knew who lived in
Castelnau Mansions.

Old Mrs. Felmore got her niece some cold meat and tea, for the girl had
taken off her coat and hat, having decided to spend the evening with her
aunt.

Much of their conversation concerned Gerald Durrant.  The abrupt manner
of his departure was, of course, a complete mystery, but the old woman
inwardly had her doubts.  What more likely than that Durrant, like so
many other young men, had grown suddenly tired of Marigold and had
"faded out," sending those reassuring telegrams in order to lighten the
blow which he knew the poor girl would receive?  This, indeed, was her
fixed opinion, though naturally she said nothing of it to her niece.

"Auntie," said the girl presently, "I can’t help feeling that something
serious has happened to Gerald.  I seem to become more apprehensive day
by day, until I can’t work—I can only sit and think—and think!"

"No, no, dearie," exclaimed the old woman cheerfully. "You mustn’t let
it get on your nerves.  Those telegrams he sent told you not to worry.
And I wouldn’t—if I were you!  It will all come right in the end."

"Ah!" sighed the girl.  "Will it?—that is the question.  Time is going
by, and we hear nothing."

"He’s probably in Paris—or somewhere—on some confidential business for
his firm."

"But his firm know nothing of his whereabouts."

"Well, if he had gone on some secret business they would naturally
profess ignorance," the woman pointed out.

"Do you know, I’m half inclined to go to the police and consult them,"
Marigold said.

"Ah!  That’s not a bad idea!" her aunt replied. "Go to the head
police-station just outside the Broadway, and ask their opinion.  They
would take his description and advise you what to do, no doubt.  I’d go
to-morrow."

"I shan’t have time to-morrow," the girl said. "I’ll go round now.  It’s
only nine o’clock."  And, putting on her hat and coat, she went along to
the headquarters of the T Division of Metropolitan Police.

But as she passed along the streets a dark figure went noiselessly
behind her—the sinister figure of Bernard Boyne.  She was going in the
direction of the Underground Railway station, hence he concluded that
she was on her way home.

He, however, received a rude and sudden shock when he saw her halt
beneath the blue lamp, and ascend the steps of the police-station.

"Phew!" he gasped aloud.  "Whatever is she there for?  To give evidence
against me—to put the police upon my track!  By Jove!  There’s no time
to lose.  It must be done to-night!"

Next instant he turned, and going to the railway station he obtained a
leather handbag from the cloak-room, and hastened with it back to his
house.  He wore rubber heels to his shoes, and moved swiftly and almost
noiselessly.

In the darkness he ascended the steps, and opened the front door with
his key.  There was no light in the hall, and he could see through the
Venetian blind of the kitchen that Mrs. Felmore was below.

Without passing into the sitting-room, he went straight upstairs to the
mysterious apartment in which the hooded figure lived in secret.  First,
he placed his handkerchief over his mouth, and then, opening the door,
passed in and switched on an electric torch which he produced from his
pocket.

Without hesitation he unlocked the heavy bag, and took therefrom a long
narrow deal box, which he opened, apparently to make certain that
nothing was broken within, and then, placing it upon a table, drew down
a little electric switch which was fitted at one end of the box.

Afterwards, scarcely looking around, he left the room, relocked the
door, and crept out of the house without anyone having seen or heard
him, old Mrs. Felmore being quite unconscious of her master’s secret
visit.

Back at the end of Hammersmith Bridge, Boyne glanced at his watch; then,
chuckling to himself, he hurried to the police-station, in order to
watch Marigold farther in case she had not already left.

When the girl had told the sergeant on duty the reason of her visit, she
was passed upstairs into a room, where she was seen by the Inspector of
the Criminal Investigation Department attached to the Division, a
clean-shaven, fresh-complexioned man, who listened to her story very
attentively.

From time to time he took notes of names and addresses.

"Have you any of the telegrams which the missing man sent you?" he asked
presently.

From her handbag she produced two of the messages, which he read
carefully.

"And since the twenty-third of last month you’ve not seen him?" he
asked.

"No," replied the girl.

"And in Mincing Lane they have heard nothing since the receipt of the
last telegram?"

"Nothing—neither has his sister."

The inspector looked her straight in the face, and said:

"I presume, Miss Ramsay, that this gentleman was a particular friend of
yours, eh?"

Marigold blushed slightly and responded in the affirmative.

"Is there any reason you suspect why he should have gone away so
suddenly?  Did you—well, did you quarrel with him, for instance?"

"Not in the least.  We were the best of friends," she answered.  "I came
here to ask whether you could assist me in finding him."

The clean-shaven man drew his breath, and gravely shook his head.

"I fear that we shall be unable to help you," he replied.

"Why?  He is missing.  Surely the police can trace him!" she cried in
disappointment.

"No.  He is _not_ missing," was his answer.  "The fact that he sent
those telegrams is sufficient to show that he is keeping out of the way
for some purpose best known to himself.  He has, no doubt, some secret
from you."

"Secret from me?" she echoed in dismay.  "No, we both had a secret."

The inspector only smiled.  He, of course, thought she alluded to the
fact that they were lovers.

She saw his amusement, and wondered whether she dare be frank and tell
him of their suspicions concerning Mr. Boyne.  Yet the thought flashed
across her mind that the story of his visits to that upstairs room,
clothed in that strange garb, would never be credited.  The London
police hear strange stories from hour to hour, many of them the result
of vivid imaginations, of hearsay, or deliberate attempts to incriminate
innocent persons.  Malice is at the bottom of half the fantastic stories
told by women to officers of the Criminal Investigation Department, and
Marigold saw that even though she told the truth, it would not be
believed.  Yet could she eliminate the real reason why her suspicions
had first been aroused?  She resolved to be frank, therefore after a
brief pause, she said:

"The secret shared by Mr. Durrant and myself was concerning a certain
man, resident close by here."

"Oh!  And what is it?" asked the officer eagerly.

"Well, we have certain suspicions regarding a gentleman named Boyne, who
lives in Bridge Place."

"Boyne?  Why, not old Bernie Boyne the insurance agent?"

"Yes.  Do you know him?"

"Oh—well, he’s well known about Hammersmith," was the inspector’s
discreet reply.  "What about him?"

"There is something about him that is mysterious," declared the girl.
"Very mysterious."

"And what’s that?"

"Well, Mr. Durrant was helping me to watch his movements when he
suddenly disappeared!"

"Ah!  That’s interesting.  Did Boyne know you were watching?"

"No.  He had no suspicion.  We watched him go to two houses, one in Pont
Street, and the other in Upper Brook Street," Marigold said.  "At night
he dresses smartly and goes into the West End."

"A good many men do that, miss.  By day they earn their money honestly
by hard work, and at night fritter it away up West.  I don’t really see
what there is in that.  Isn’t there anything else you know?"

Marigold hesitated.  She feared to tell him of the strange disguise.

"Well, my aunt is Mr. Boyne’s housekeeper, and I know that a room at the
top of the house is kept locked."

"A good many upstairs rooms are kept locked. There’s nothing much in
that, I think."

"But I heard noises inside—a human cry!"

The inspector looked at her with disbelief written upon his rosy
countenance.

"Are you quite sure of that, Miss—er—Miss Ramsay?" he asked seriously.

"Yes.  I heard it," was her firm reply.

"Ah!  Then, because of that you and Mr. Durrant believed that Boyne has
somebody in hiding upstairs.  Is that so?"

She replied in the affirmative.

"And you don’t think Boyne discovered that you were watching him?  If he
did, I think he would have resented it very much, for I’ve met Boyne
once or twice.  Indeed, I passed him in King Street an hour ago."

"You passed him!  Perhaps he’s back then.  My aunt hasn’t seen him for
three days."

"Well, I saw him in King Street to-night, but he didn’t see me."  Then,
after a pause, he added: "I think, miss, you’re mistaken regarding Mr.
Boyne. I only know him slightly, but I know in what respect he is held
in the neighbourhood, and how his praises are upon everyone’s
lips—especially the church people."

"Then you don’t think that he has anything to do with Mr. Durrant’s
disappearance?"

"Not in the least.  I should dismiss that idea from my mind at once."

"But how about that locked room?"

"Your aunt will be able to fathom that if she keeps her eyes open," he
said.  "And as for Mr. Durrant, you’ll no doubt hear from him very soon.
To me it seems perfectly clear that he has some hidden motive for
keeping out of the way.  Are his accounts at the office all right, for
instance?"

"Quite in order."

"Blackmail may be at the bottom of it.  That accounts for the mysterious
disappearance of lots of men and women."

"But who could blackmail Mr. Durrant?"

"Ah! you don’t know.  A little slip, a year or so ago, and the screw is
now being put on by those who know the truth.  Oh! that is an everyday
occurrence in London, I assure you, Miss Ramsay."

"Then you can’t help me to find him?" she asked eagerly, after a brief
silence.

"I don’t see how we can act," was the officer’s answer.  "Had he
disappeared without a word we would, of course, circulate his
description and a photograph—if you have one?"

"Yes, I have one," she said anxiously.

"Good.  But that is useless to us, for the simple reason that, after
leaving you, he has sent you messages telling you not to worry.  In face
of that, how can we assume that anything tragic has happened to him?
No, my dear young lady," he added. "I fear we cannot help you
officially, much as I regret it."

Five minutes later Marigold descended the stairs, and walked out into
the dark road utterly disconsolate and disappointed.  Gerald was
missing, yet the police would raise not a finger to assist her in
tracing him!

Yet, after all, as she walked back to Bridge Place, she saw quite
clearly that there was much truth in the detective-inspector’s argument.
Gerald had not suddenly disappeared and left no trace.  He had urged her
not to worry, and the inspector had advised her to keep on hoping for
his return.

Later she sat in the kitchen with her aunt, and related all that had
passed at the police-station.

"I quite agree with the inspector," declared the deaf old woman.  "The
police can’t search for every man who goes away and sends telegrams
saying he has gone.  You see, Mr. Durrant hasn’t committed any crime,
for instance.  So there’s no real reason why the police should act.  If
he hadn’t sent telegrams the case would be so different."

With that view the girl, greatly distressed and broken, had to agree.

It was then nearly ten o’clock, and at her aunt’s suggestion Marigold
resolved to stay the night and keep the old woman company.

"You can have the same room you had a little time ago," she said.  "It
is aired, for I always keep hot-water bottles in it in case it may be
wanted.  If you went home now, you wouldn’t get there till half-past
eleven.  Besides, it’s more cheerful for me.  I’m beginning to hate this
place now Mr. Boyne never comes near."

"The inspector said he saw Mr. Boyne in King Street to-night," Marigold
said.

"Bosh! my dear," was old Mrs. Felmore’s prompt reply.  "He wouldn’t be
in King Street without coming home.  It was somebody else he saw, no
doubt."  And that was exactly what Marigold herself thought.

Soon after half-past ten, Mrs. Felmore put out the light, and they both
went to bed.

For half an hour Marigold lay awake thinking it all over, and thinking
of the last occasion she had slept in that room, and of the mysterious
chamber upstairs whence had issued those strange human cries. Then, at
last, tired out, she dropped off to sleep.

How long she slept she knew not, but suddenly she was awakened by men’s
shouts, and next instant found the room full of smoke.  There was a
roaring noise outside.  Half suffocated she groped her way to the door
frantically, only to find the staircase above in flames.

"Auntie! auntie!" she yelled, not recollecting that her aunt was deaf,
but by dint of fierce courage she got to the old lady’s room.  As she
entered the door, Mrs. Felmore, half choking, met her in the red light
thrown by the flames, and together they sprang down the staircase, along
the hall, and, after fumbling with the chain upon the door, dashed out
of the house to where a number of people, including three police
constables, were awaiting the arrival of the fire brigade.

Meanwhile the top floor of the house was burning fiercely, the flames
going up through the roof for many feet, and as there was rather a high
wind, the sparks were flying everywhere.

Bernard Boyne’s long deal box had sent petrol about the room of mystery
at the time to which it had been set, and already all evidence of what
was contained there, and of the mysterious origin of the fire, had been
obliterated.

The insidious death-dealer had hoped to include Marigold and his
housekeeper in that relentless plot to destroy all that might
incriminate him.

But he was mistaken.  Marigold Ramsay, though in her night attire—and
who had fainted in the arms of a constable—had escaped unscathed!




                             *CHAPTER XXIV*

                             *HARD PRESSED*


When Céline Tènot and Henri Galtier so suddenly appeared outside Ena’s
flat as the dark shadow of menace at the very moment of the diabolical
triumph of the death-dealers, Bernard Boyne realised that, in order to
escape, he would have to summon all his wits. The death of old Mr.
Martin in Chiswick was an ugly affair—a very ugly affair—and Céline more
than suspected—she knew that somehow by the old man’s death all three
had profited.

At first Boyne was furious to think that Ena’s visit to Melun, and the
payment of that respectable sum, had been of no avail.  But next second,
he had seen that the only means of escape was to keep up his identity as
Mr. Bennett, to temporise with his pursuers, and then to effect an
escape.  He saw that, at all hazards, he must prevent the pair of
blackmailers from facing Ena and Lilla.

Therefore, when the Frenchman had expressed that hard determination that
he wanted to prevent him from playing any more of his "hellish tricks"
upon innocent people, he had stood in his path upon the pavement and
replied:

"Now, Monsieur Galtier, just pause for a moment—and think!  Aren’t you a
fool?  Céline’s late mistress has been very good to her, and now you
come here and create trouble."

They were standing together against the railings of Hyde Park, not far
from the taxi-men’s shelter.

"I wish to create no trouble," declared the Frenchman in very good
English.  "Only trouble for _you_!" he snarled.

"That is extremely kind of you," Boyne retorted. "But if you still
continue to threaten me, I shall take measures to protect myself, and
also to retaliate."

"You have denounced me as a blackmailer!" the Frenchman snapped.

"I was wrong," said Boyne apologetically.  "I withdraw those words.
Naturally at first I believed you wanted more money!"

"Then you believed wrong," was the reply.  "Our object in coming to
London is to see madame and yourself—and to investigate further the
death of Monsieur Martin."

"Well, that you are perfectly at liberty to do," Boyne said, with
affected carelessness.  "I have nothing whatever to fear.  If you like
to waste your time and money, do so."

"Céline knows the truth," retorted Galtier.

"Then let her go to the police and tell them.  The London police pay
little heed to the statements of discharged servants, especially if they
are foreigners."

"Yes, I will go!" cried the French girl excitedly. "You are
assassins!—assassins!  You—both of you!—killed poor Monsieur Martin!"

"I think you will have to prove that," replied Boyne, remaining very
calm.

"Hush, Céline!" said her lover.  "We do not want a fracas in the
street!"

"Bah!  The man thinks we are afraid of him.  But we are not!  We are
here to get at the truth about poor monsieur."

"Well, mademoiselle, you are at perfect liberty to institute inquiries,"
Boyne replied.  "But before you go to the police as you threaten, just
pause and ask yourself what all this storm in a teacup will profit you
and your friend."

The vivacious girl shrugged her shoulders.

"Remember that madame is your friend," he went on.  "She told me that
she has recently been in Paris, and called upon you in Melun.  Madame,
since you left, has several times expressed regret to me that she was
abrupt."

"Because she believes that I know your secret!" cried mademoiselle,
interrupting.

"Let us walk on," suggested Boyne, turning purposely towards
Knightsbridge.  "There are some people trying to overhear our
conversation."

Galtier saw a man and two women who had halted close by, probably
attracted by the loud tones in which they were conversing.  Strange
conversations go on in the London streets at night, as every police
constable knows.  The night-world of London is an amazing world, of
which the honest go-to-bed-early citizen knows nothing.  One half the
world of London is ignorant of what the other half does o’ nights.

They moved on past the taxi shelter towards Knightsbridge, which was in
the opposite direction to Upper Brook Street.

"I think you are certainly not fair to madame," Boyne said very quietly
to the girl.  "She, out of her own generous heart—for no better-hearted
woman ever lived—sought you out because she felt that she had treated
you unkindly.  Of course, I do not know the real facts, but on the face
of it I think you, mademoiselle, treated your late mistress with
ingratitude.  I say this," he went on, "in a perfectly friendly spirit.
You may have formed some unfounded suspicion regarding poor Mr. Martin’s
death.  Why, I don’t know."

"Because I heard the truth from madame’s own lips."

"Some distorted words half overheard, I suppose," he laughed.  "My dear
mademoiselle, it is always very dangerous to interfere with the death of
anybody, because here in England there is such a thing as a law of
slander, and of libel—criminal libel, which means that those who make
false accusations may be committed to prison.  Therefore, before you go
further, I advise you to consult a solicitor.  He will no doubt advise
you."

"We will see the police first," declared Galtier.

"I have not the slightest objection," laughed Boyne.  "If you think it
will avail you, go to Scotland Yard.  That is the head office of the
Criminal Investigation Department, but"—and he paused—"but I tell you
this, Monsieur, if either of you make any accusations against madame or
myself, we shall at once prosecute you—and further, if you escape back
to France, we will follow you there and prosecute you. Here, in England,
we will not permit foreigners to come over and give the police a lot of
trouble for nothing.  So make whatever statement you like, but don’t
forget you will have to substantiate it with witnesses—otherwise you’ll
probably both find yourselves in prison.  That’s all I have to say.
Good-night!"

And, turning abruptly upon his heel, the master-criminal walked back
towards Hyde Park Corner, leaving mademoiselle and her companion utterly
perplexed.

Bernard Boyne, as he hurried up Park Lane on his return to Upper Brook
Street, muttered to himself:

"I’ve given them something to think over! They’ll hesitate—and while
they hesitate, we must act. It would have been fatal for them to have
met Ena—and especially to-night—_of all nights_!"

Ten minutes later he was back in Ena Pollen’s room, where she was
sitting with Lilla.

"What’s happened?" asked his wife, for the paleness of his countenance
betrayed that something was amiss.

"Oh! nothing—nothing serious, I mean!" was his reply.  "Get me a liqueur
brandy," he stammered.

Ena went at once to the dining-room and brought a little glass of old
cognac, which he swallowed at a gulp, and then sat for a few moments
staring straight before him.

"Tell us, Bernie.  What’s happened?  Where have you been?" demanded his
wife.

"Been!  I—well, I’ve been right into the camp of the enemy!" he said
hoarsely.

"Enemy!  What enemy?"

"Céline is here.  Wants to see you.  The fellow Galtier is with her.
They are on the track of old Martin, and want to see you!"

The two women exchanged glances, for the light in the faces of both had
died out.

"Céline here!" gasped Ena.  "How much does she know?"

"How can we tell?  I’ve simply defied her."

"But why didn’t you offer to pay?  They, of course, want money."

Rapidly he described to the two excited women what had occurred.  Then
at last Lilla said:

"Well, the only thing we can do is to sit tight. We must—if we are to
get the money paid on dear Augusta’s policy."

"Of course, we can’t slip out, or it would be an admission, if Céline
really goes to the police."

"There is nothing to prevent her," remarked Ena. "The girl is
dangerous."

"So is that girl Ramsay.  I’ve always said so," Lilla declared.  "Her
lover is out of the way, and the sooner she herself is silenced the
better, for as long as that pair are alive they will always be a menace
to us."

"I quite agree," said the red-haired widow.  "You said that many weeks
ago."

"Well, it is all in Bernie’s hands.  It’s no use getting the insurance
company to pay without taking due precautions to protect ourselves, is
it?" asked Boyne’s wife.

The death-dealers thereupon took counsel together. For an hour they sat
discussing plans, each putting their idea forward.  In the whole of
criminal London no three persons were so callous, so ingenious, or so
regardless of human life.  They had discovered a means of making money
with little exertion and with certain results.  Boyne, expert as he was
in insurance and of a scientific turn of mind, could deal death whenever
and wherever he desired, and in such a manner that no coroner’s jury
could pronounce a verdict other than that death had supervened as a
natural cause.

Not before three o’clock in the morning did Lilla and her husband leave
Upper Brook Street, and when they did an elaborate and ingenious plan
had been decided upon which left no loophole for discovery.

Mrs. Augusta Morrison of Carsphairn had died, and Ena would, of course,
excuse herself from going to the funeral.  She had mourning which, as a
matter of fact, she had worn on more than one occasion when a wealthy
friend of hers had died.  But in this case she dared not put in an
appearance.

At home in Pont Street, Boyne sat with his wife and discussed the
situation at considerable length.

"You must get rid of that girl Marigold," she said very emphatically, as
she lounged upon the silk-covered sofa in the elegant little room.  "She
suspects something at Bridge Place, just as her lover suspected.  Well,
we’ve successfully sent him off, and he can thank his lucky stars he
didn’t get a dose."

"I only wish now I had given him a little dose that would have caused
him trouble about ten days after he sailed," Boyne said.

"Yes, Bernie.  Recollect, I suggested it.  They could have buried him at
sea, and we should not have been troubled by him any further."

"I was a fool not to take your advice, Lilla."

"You always are.  But take my advice about the girl.  She’s distinctly
dangerous!  A menace to all of us!  And so is your _ménage_ at
Hammersmith—especially if Céline really does go to the police. You
should end it all, and above everything close Marigold’s mouth.  That
girl is the greatest peril we have before us!"

Her husband, who had lit a cigarette, and was lounging in a chair,
agreed with her.

"But," he said, "how am I to do it?  We are in a devilish tight corner,
Lilla!  The game has been a great and very easy one up to now.  Nobody
has ever yet tumbled to the scientific insurance stunt. And there’s lots
of money in it.  We’ve found it so. We’ve got between us eighty thousand
or so.  A very decent sum.  And we could make a million, given a quiet
market.  Look at the lots of red- or golden-haired women who are wealthy
and who are not of any use on earth.  Life assurance companies are
always on the look-out for business, and pay commission to any and every
little tin-pot agent who can put through a proposal.  Remember that
young fool of a solicitor in Manchester.  And there are hundreds about
the country everywhere."

"That’s so, Bernie," replied his wife in a matter-of-fact tone, she
having taken a cigarette to smoke with her husband.  "But here we have a
peril before us.  We were never in such a tight corner before. This may
finish us!"

"Oh! my dear Lilla, don’t get flurried.  I am not.  The fellow Durrant
is on the high seas as a man who has had a nervous breakdown.  Oh, that
description!  What a godsend it is to us all, isn’t it?  Nervous
breakdown is responsible for a thousand and one evasions of the
law—theft, bigamy, assault, forgery—in fact, almost any crime in the
calendar can be committed and ascribed to the ’nervous breakdown’ of the
defendant.  We’ve a lot to be thankful for from the doctors, Lilla," he
said, "a lot to be thankful for!"

"Well," she said, puffing thoughtfully at her cigarette, "if the secret
of Bridge Place were exposed, then I fear that you couldn’t ascribe it
to a nervous breakdown, eh?"

Boyne laughed.

"No, Lilla.  You are always alive—you are amazingly clever!" he
declared.  "I did my best with that French girl, Céline, but—well, I’m
not quite certain whether she won’t go to the police and make a
statement."

"Ah!  I see," Lilla said quickly.  "So we ought to clear out—and
quickly."

"Out of London, but not abroad.  But not yet. If all of us left
suddenly, the insurance company might get scent of a mystery, especially
if Céline says anything about old Martin to the police."

"But what of Marigold?  Has she any suspicion that Durrant is on the
sea?"

"None.  Durrant telegraphed to her to urge her to be patient and that he
will return.  So she’s waiting—and she’ll wait a long time!

"Ah! really, Bernie, you are wonderful.  That was a glorious idea of
yours—those telegrams."

"Yes.  They’ve worked well," he said.  "Both the girl and his sister, as
well as the fellow’s employers, have all been reassured."

"But the girl is a menace, I repeat," the woman declared, "and as such
you must see that her activity comes to an end.  There are a dozen ways
in which you can manage it.  Adopt one of them, and lose no time about
it," she urged.

"Yes," he said in a hard voice, "I ought to have taken your advice long
ago."

"Well, take it now," she said.  "There are enemies around us—Céline,
Galtier, and this girl Ramsay.  So be careful.  We are in very serious
peril!"

"True.  How serious we have yet to learn.  But let’s remain cool and we
shall most certainly win."

Almost as he spoke, however, the electric bell at the front door rang,
causing them both to start.

"Whoever can it be at this hour?" gasped Lilla, jumping to her feet.

"Wait!" said Boyne, in a changed voice.  "I’ll go down and see."

He did so.  Lilla stood breathless, listening.  She heard him unbolt the
door and open it.

Then she heard him give vent to a loud cry, half of surprise, half of
terror, as a man’s deep voice spoke.




                             *CHAPTER XXV*

                             *THE RECLUSE*


The commotion caused in Bridge Place by the fire at Mr. Boyne’s was not
of long duration.  Ere the fire brigade arrived, however, so swift was
the fire that the two top floors were gutted, thus destroying the secret
of that locked chamber.

A woman who lived a few doors off, and who knew Mrs. Felmore, gave the
deaf old woman and her niece shelter, and while the police kept back the
crowd at both ends of the street the four engines which had arrived were
soon pumping water upon the roaring flames.  The house was an old one
with much woodwork, therefore it burned like tinder, and Marigold had
certainly only escaped with her life. The superintendent in charge of
the firemen had already ascertained that no person remained within, and
the men in their shining helmets, their figures illuminated by the glare
from the flames, were clambering across the neighbouring roofs with
their hose-pipes.

Soon the flames were got under by the powerful rush of water, but not
before the roof had fallen in, and only the ground floor remained
intact, while the houses on either side were badly damaged.  Every now
and then, when a beam fell, or a portion of wall collapsed, showers of
sparks shot upward, and there was a burst of flames through the smoke.

A fire in any crowded district of London at whatever hour always
attracts a large number of onlookers.  That night was no exception, for
a big crowd had assembled at either end of the street, and in the centre
of the crowd towards Hammersmith Bridge, wedged between several women of
the lower class, stood a shabbily-dressed man in a golf cap watching
intently the progress of the fire.

He watched it with satisfaction, and saw the flames as they descended
and burst through the windows of the second floor.  When the roof fell
in he smiled, though none noticed it.

The man saw that all evidence of his diabolical work had been destroyed,
for he was none other than Bernard Boyne.

What had happened to Marigold and her aunt? He asked the woman standing
next to him if any people were in the house.

"Yes.  They say there’s two women and a man there," was the reply.  "The
man got out, but the two women ’ave been burnt to death, poor dears!
Ain’t it terrible?  They were asleep when the fire broke out.  The
firemen ’aven’t got the bodies out yet."

"Terrible!" declared the man in the golf cap; and then he elbowed his
way out of the crowd filled with satisfaction.

As he did so a youth shouted:

"Lucky for ’em—eh?  Both the women got out just in time."

"Is that so?" asked Boyne.

"Yes," said the youth.  "One of the firemen ’as just told me."

"There was a girl there, wasn’t there?" Boyne queried.

"Yes; she was got out, with an old woman!"

"Where are they?"

"They say they’re in a house just along there," was the reply.

Boyne held his breath and went on.  At first he had believed that his
dastardly plot had been successful, and that Marigold had fallen a
victim to his clever machinations.  At least, the two upper floors had
been destroyed and certain evidence wiped out.  The clock, the
pocket-lighter, and the child’s rubber airball filled with petrol, which
had been in the box he had so silently introduced into the house while
Marigold was at the police-station, had done their work just as he had
intended.  But he was filled with disappointment and chagrin when, after
several other inquiries of firemen and others, he became convinced that
old Mrs. Felmore and her niece had escaped.

At last, after watching until the excitement of the scene had died down
and the crowd was dispersing, he learnt from one of the firemen—he dared
not be seen by a police constable, for most of them knew him by
sight—the house in which the two half-suffocated women had taken
shelter.

Then he turned and trudged all the way back to Pont Street, for, dressed
as he was, he did not wish to get there until the servants had retired.

He had made another great coup, it was true, but the peril of Marigold
still existed.  That was the one thought that obsessed him as he strode
up the long Kensington Road, past the Albert Hall, and on towards Hyde
Park Corner.

The night of Augusta’s death had been fraught with sufficient perils in
all conscience.  He recollected the unexpected appearance of Céline and
her companion, of how he had defied them, and how, later that night, a
caller had come to Pont Street—a caller who could not be refused
admission—the man who had for so long been in hiding in that upstairs
room which had now been totally wiped out by the flames. "I shall have
to reappear at home to-morrow full of surprise," he muttered to himself,
as at last he let himself into the house in Pont Street, the door of
which Lilla had left purposely unbolted.

Next day about noon, carrying a suit-case and dressed as he usually was
when going about his duties in Hammersmith, he arrived in Bridge Place
utterly amazed at finding his house wrecked and ruined.  A constable was
on duty—a man who knew him.

"Well, sir," exclaimed the man in uniform, "this is pretty bad, ain’t
it?  The fire broke out late last night, but it’s fortunate the two
women got out in time."

"What?" gasped Boyne, apparently staggered at the sight.  "What’s
happened?  I’ve been away in Liverpool, and have only just got back!"

"Well, that deaf old woman will be glad you’re back, sir.  She’s been
round to the police-station telling ’em that you were away."

"Where is she?"

"In the house over there," and he pointed to it.

"You said there was another woman in the house. Who was she?"

"A girl.  The old woman’s niece, I’ve heard. She’s all right, and went
away early this morning."

"Oh, yes, I know her.  Came to keep the old woman company while I was
away, I expect," he said.  "But how fortunate they were saved!  How did
it happen?  Does anyone know?"

"The superintendent of the brigade was here about two hours ago, and
they examined the ruins. They think that the fire must have broken out
in the top room upstairs.  I went over it with them. We found a lot of
fused glass, which rather puzzled them."

"Oh, yes.  A lot of bottles I kept upstairs.  I suppose they melted in
the heat," Boyne replied. "Did they find anything else?"

"No, nothing of any importance."

"Then they don’t know how it broke out?"

"No; except that there must have been something up there very
inflammable, they say, for the fire spread so quickly."

"Perhaps it was a bottle of benzine I had up there for cleaning my
clothes," said Boyne.  "But, any case, it’s rough luck on me—for I’m not
insured."

"Sorry to hear that, sir," replied the constable. "They said, you being
an insurance agent, you would be certain to be covered against loss."

"No.  It’s the old story over again," Boyne said, with a grin, "’the
shoemaker’s child is the worst shod.’  I was a fool not to insure
against fire—an infernal fool!  But it can’t be helped.  It’s ruined
me!" and he turned away and crossed the road to the house which the
constable had indicated as the one where old Mrs. Felmore had sought
shelter.

For half an hour Boyne sat listening while the old woman shouted to him
excitedly her description of the fire.  He adopted that mealy-mouthed
attitude which he could assume at will—that attitude he adopted so
cleverly when he went to church so regularly—and condoled with her.

"Of course, Mrs. Felmore, all this horrible catastrophe shall not make
any difference to you.  I hear you had Miss Marigold to keep you
company. Quite right!  But I’m so very sorry about it all. The poor girl
must have been very frightened. Where is she?"

"She went back to Wimbledon Park about an hour ago, sir.  She
telegraphed to the bank excusing herself for to-day, as she only had
clothes that were lent her."

"Ah!  I am so sorry about that.  But have you any idea how it all
happened?" Boyne asked the old woman.

"No, sir, I haven’t.  I’m always so careful about fire," she answered.
"I was burnt when I was a child, and therefore I always look at the
kitchen grate and rake the cinders out before I goes to bed."

"But it seems to have been upstairs where the fire originated."

"Yes, sir," replied the old woman.  "I expect it was the kitchen flue.
I asked old Mr. Morgan, the sweep, to do it three weeks ago, but he was
very busy, and he didn’t come.  I’ve cleaned out the range all right—but
that’s what I think.  I’m sorry, sir, but it wasn’t my fault, really it
wasn’t."

"Of course not, Mrs. Felmore.  Morgan should have come when you ordered
him," Boyne said.

Afterwards he succeeded in entering the gaunt blackened wreck of his
home.  With satisfaction he saw the frameless windows of the two upper
floors, but inside a spectacle of utter ruin met his gaze.  The water
had come through the ceiling of his sitting-room, half of which was
down, the stairs consumed, and all the remaining furniture ruined beyond
repair.

From the cupboard, however, he took his pet "Nibby," who was still
alive, and probably wondering at all the commotion.

"Poor little fellow!" he exclaimed, stroking the rat’s pointed pink
nose, and afterwards placing him in his pocket, as he did sometimes.  "I
shall give you to Mrs. Felmore."

And after a final look round at the scene of the wreckage, he returned
to where his deaf old housekeeper was staying, and presented her with
the tame rat.

Late that same afternoon Boyne hurried along Theobald’s Road, past the
railings of Gray’s Inn, and crossing the busy road with its procession
of tramcars, turned the corner into Harpur Street, a short, dingy
thoroughfare of smoke-grimed, old-fashioned houses, once the residences
of well-to-do people, but now mostly let out in tenements.

Before one of the houses on the left-hand side he halted, and pulled the
bell.  The door was opened by a young girl wearing a dirty apron and
whose hair was in curlers.

"Good-afternoon, Mr. Bennett.  Yes, ’e’s upstairs," she exclaimed.

So up the uncarpeted stairs Boyne went to the top of the house.

"It’s only me," he said reassuringly as he turned the handle of a door
and unceremoniously entered a small, barely-furnished, ill-kept room.

A cheap oil lamp, smoking badly, was burning on the table, while near
it, back in the shadow, sat the figure of a man huddled up in a ragged
old armchair.

"You!" he grunted.  "You’ve been a long time!

"I couldn’t get here before, Lionel.  It was too dangerous.  I had to
see that all was clear before I to enter this street.  There’s always a
detective or two about here, and it wouldn’t do for you to be seen
outside."

"No," grunted the man, who, rising slowly to his feet came within the
feeble zone of light which revealed a thin, bony face, with high cheek
bones, an abnormal forehead, and a pair of deep-set dark eyes. The faded
grey suit he wore was several sizes too big for him, yet his arms seemed
of unusual length, and his hands were narrow and long, with talon-like
fingers.

His countenance was truly a strange one, being triangular, with very
narrow chin and very broad brow—the face of a man who was either a
genius or an idiot.

"I waited all night for you!" he said in plaintive tones.  "And you
never came."

"Well, I’m not going to risk anything—even for you!" replied Boyne
roughly.  "I’ve got quite enough of my own troubles just now."

"Oh!  What’s happened?"

"Lots.  It’s a good job I got you away from Hammersmith, my friend.  The
place has burned up!"

"Burned up?" echoed the strange-looking man. "Oh!  Then you’ve had the
beautiful fire you used to talk about, eh?  And has it all gone?"

"The lot.  And a darned good job for you!"

"And that beautiful microscope?" the man asked regretfully.  "Has that
gone, too?"

"Yes.  The whole bag of tricks has been consumed. That’s why I didn’t
come last night," Boyne said.

"Oh! the beautiful mike!" exclaimed the abnormal creature, as though to
himself.  "And it cost such a lot—oh, such a lot!"

"Don’t trouble about the microscope, you fool!" cried Boyne roughly.
"Just try and pull yourself together and save your own skin.  Where are
those tubes?  I want them."

The lean man in the over-large suit ambled across the room, his head
bent forward, for he was very round-shouldered, and going to an old
leather bag in the corner, slowly unlocked it and drew out a thick
cartridge envelope which contained something hard.

Boyne took it from him quickly, and tearing it open, took out two
dark-blue tubes of glass, the corks of which were sealed with wax.

"Are they all right?" he asked harshly.  "Can you guarantee them?  Now
don’t tell me a lie," he added threateningly, "or it will be the worse
for you. I had a good mind to give you over to the police when you came
to Pont Street the other night.  You deserved it—venturing out like
that."

"I got to know where you were, and I had to come and see you," whined
the ugly creature as he ambled back to his chair.

"Don’t do it again!  Remain in hiding.  Keep close here.  You are in
comfortable quarters.  Old Mrs. Sampson below is always silent as
regards her lodgers.  Lots of men who have had this room have hidden
from the police till they found a way out of it.  Take my advice, and do
the same.  But don’t attempt to come round to Pont Street—for we don’t
want you there, _understand that_?"

And he put the little glass tubes, which contained fatal bacteria, back
into their envelope and placed them carefully in his pocket.

"But money!  I must have money!" cried the other, a young-old man whose
age it was impossible to determine though his hair was growing grey.

"Of course you must," laughed Boyne.  "Here’s fifty pounds to go on
with.  And keep a still tongue or it will be the worse for you.
Recollect if you are unfortunate enough to be arrested, it will only be
because of your own idiotic movements.  Keep quiet here."

"Misfortune may befall any of us!" said the other in that peculiar
whining voice which showed that his mental balance was not normal.

"True.  But if you do happen to fall into the hands of the police,
remember—breathe not a word. Trust to me to help you out of the scrape.
Trust Mrs. Sampson downstairs—and trust me."

"Yes.  But, oh, that beautiful mike!  Burnt up. That beautiful mike!"

"Don’t bother about that.  I’ll buy you another, and all the apparatus
if you’ll only keep a still tongue and remain in the house.  I’ve told
Mrs. Sampson not to let you out."

"Oh!  I won’t go out.  I promise you I won’t," he said with an idiotic
stare.  "I only went to Pont Street because I wanted to know if you were
all right."

"And incidentally you wanted money!" laughed the other.  "Well, you had
it—you have it again now.  Remain quiet and content.  I’m busy.  I’ve
got lots of things to look after.  I’ve probably got to go away, but
I’ll see you have money to go on with all right."

"Very well," said the strange man.  "This place is better than
Hammersmith, living in a locked room for weeks and months, nobody to
see, and only breathing the fresh air on the roof when everybody had
gone to bed."

"But you had your work—your scientific work in bacteriology!  You can’t
live without your work!"

"Ah, yes.  I had my work.  But, oh! it was so lonely—so very lonely."

"You’re not lonely here," said Boyne cheerfully. "So don’t bother.  Take
your ease, and make the best of it.  You’re in a house which shelters
people like yourself.  Here everyone keeps a still tongue—and nobody
knows about little Maggie."

The curious man with the triangular face blinked across at Boyne—and
remained silent for several moments.

"Little Maggie!" he gasped at last.  "Little Maggie!  Ah!  I remember.
I——"

Again he paused.  Then glaring into Boyne’s face with a strange wild
expression, he said:

"You!  Why—why you’re—you’re really Willie Wisden!"

"Of course I am," laughed Boyne.  "But keep cool, Lionel, old chap, or
you’ll have one of those nasty attacks of yours coming on again.  Ta-ta!
I’ll come back very soon," he said, and turning he left the room and
descended the stairs.

"Perhaps I’ll come back," he muttered to himself. "But I do not think
so!  The idiot has served me well, and I’ve got the tubes.  That is all
I want—at present!"

And a moment later he was walking in the darkness through Harpur Street.




                             *CHAPTER XXVI*

                        *"GET RID OF THE GIRL!"*


Ten days more had passed.  Poor Mrs. Morrison had been buried at
Brookwood, her sister and several relatives being among the mourners.

Notice had been given through a solicitor to the insurance company of
the assignment of the policy for ten thousand pounds to Mrs. Braybourne.
The solicitor, a perfectly respectable man practising in the City, had
received a call from Mrs. Braybourne of Pont Street, and she had handed
him the policy and the assignment.  Boyne had first made secret
inquiries regarding the unsuspecting lawyer, and found him to be a man
with a very high reputation in his profession.

Hence the Red Widow and her two associates, having successfully defied
the French ex-maid and her lover, were now awaiting payment by the
insurance company.  Boyne, on his part, had cleverly destroyed all
traces of the secret of that upstairs room in which had lived for some
time the half-demented, eccentric Lionel Gosden, who was so blindly
obedient to every order of the criminal who held him in control.

"There only remains that girl!" remarked Boyne as he sat with his wife
one night.

"Yes.  The sooner she’s out of the way the better, my dear Bernie.  She
knows far too much."

"I’ve got the remainder of the stuff from Lionel."

"Then it will be quite easy.  I needn’t tell you the way."

Boyne smiled as he took another cigarette from his case.

"Yes," he said.  "And then I think that Ena and I will clear off abroad
and leave you as the lone widow in whose favour dear Augusta insured her
life."

"True.  We ought to part as soon as possible. What do they think of your
absence from Hammersmith?"

"Oh, they know my home is burned up, but I put in an appearance now and
then and collect up a few premiums just to show myself."

"I wonder what the girl told the police?" Lilla remarked thoughtfully.

"Some story which they, no doubt, put down to be a cock-and-bull
statement—about the locked room, most probably.  She might have heard
Lionel moving about, or coughing, before I got him away from there. If
so the noise would naturally excite her suspicion."

"What about the man Durrant?"

"Oh, we needn’t trouble about him.  It will be months before he can get
back again, and when he does, he’ll find none of us here, the girl
dead—of natural causes, of course—and the house being rebuilt.  We have
nothing to fear from him, providing we can get rid of the girl."

"And that must be done at once," the handsome woman repeated.  "While
she is alive she will be a constant menace to us."

Next morning, when he left Pont Street, he went to the City, and,
knowing that Marigold always went out at a quarter to one to her lunch,
he waited outside the bank.

At last she came, a neatly-dressed and dainty figure of the true type of
business girl, and at the corner of Fenchurch Street he met her as
though by accident, and raised his hat.

"Why, Mr. Boyne!" she exclaimed in surprise.

"Yes.  This is an unexpected meeting, Miss Marigold!  I haven’t seen you
since the fire," he said.  "How lucky that you and your aunt escaped! I
can’t think how it was caused, except that your aunt perhaps dropped a
match upstairs before going to bed."

"No, Mr. Boyne," she said.  "It’s a mystery. I’m glad, however, that
auntie is recovering from the shock."

"Have you heard anything lately of Mr.—what is his name?—Durrant, isn’t
it?"

"Not a word.  I can’t think what has become of him.  They’ve heard
nothing at his office since his last telegram."

"Oh!  I shouldn’t worry.  He told you in his message not to worry, you
know," he said cheerfully.

Marigold distrusted the man, yet she remembered how she and Gerald had
resolved, at all hazards, to penetrate the mystery surrounding him.  She
could not deny that he had always been polite and generous towards her,
and her aunt would never have a more kind and considerate master.

"Come and have some lunch with me," he suggested suddenly, as he glanced
at his watch.  "I’m just going to have mine.  And I want to talk over
your aunt’s future—what she is to do while my house is being rebuilt."

Marigold hesitated a few seconds.  Then she replied:

"I’m awfully sorry, Mr. Boyne, but my assistant is away ill, and we’re
most awfully busy in the bank to-day.  I am only out for ten minutes
this morning, I usually have half an hour."

"Then come somewhere and have dinner with me to-night."

"I can’t to-night.  I’m going to the theatre with a girl friend."

"To-morrow night, then," he said.  "I’ll meet you at Piccadilly tube
station, say at seven, and we’ll dine somewhere—eh?"

Again Marigold hesitated.  She was naturally distrustful, yet she argued
within herself that perhaps if she accepted his invitation she might
learn from him something of interest.

"No," he laughed merrily.  "I’m sure you won’t refuse me, Marigold.  I
want to see what I can do for your aunt—because—well, perhaps I may not
set up house again.  And I don’t want to leave her in the lurch, poor
deaf old soul."

His solicitude for her aunt touched her, and so she promised to meet him
as he suggested.

Then two minutes later he raised his hat and they parted.

As the girl sat with her glass of milk and sandwiches before her in the
little teashop, strange thoughts crowded through her mind.  The refusal
of the police to assist her to find Gerald had hipped her, and ever
since the night of the fire she had gone about utterly disconsolate and
broken-hearted.  The fire was mysterious, coming within an hour or so of
her visit to the police.  Yes; the more she reflected, the stranger
still appeared the whole enigma.

She returned to the bank and sat hour after hour her books, but her only
thought was of Gerald the reason of his disappearance.

Next day, just before noon, while she was busy at the bank, one of the
male clerks came to her desk, and said:

"Miss Ramsay, you’re wanted on the telephone."

"Me!" exclaimed Marigold, much surprised, for none of the staff were
allowed to speak on the telephone except upon urgent family affairs.
"Was this one?"

She hurried to the telephone-box and heard a female voice, which she
recognised as that of Gerald’s sister at Ealing.

"You there, Marigold.  Listen!" she said.  "I’ve just had a wire from
Gerald.  It’s sent from Folkestone Harbour, and says:


"’_Back again.  Don’t worry.  With you soon, but not yet.  Marigold
knows why.  Have wired her._—GERALD.’"


"Oh, how lovely!" cried the girl over the ’phone in wild delight.  "I
expect I’ve got a wire at Wimbledon.  I’ll tell you what he says.  Such
lots of thanks for ringing up.  Good-bye.  I’ll come over and see you
soon, dear.  Righto!"

And she hung up the receiver, her cheeks flushed with the excitement of
the good news.

Gerald—her Gerald—had spoken at last!

Further adding of figures that day was out of the question.  She could
not work, but, ever and anon, she raised her eyes to the big clock, the
hands of which moved, oh! so slowly.  At last five o’clock came, and she
put her books away in the trolley ready to be wheeled to the strong room
by the uniformed messenger, and putting on her hat and coat hurried away
home in the crowded tube.

She missed her train, and things seemed to move too slow for her, but on
arrival at the station she raced home.  Yes, in the narrow hall of the
little suburban villa lay a telegram on the hat-stand.

She tore it open with frantic haste, and read:


"_Do not make inquiry about me.  Am quite safe, and am in possession of
some very important facts. Just returned from abroad.  Be watchful, but
do not feel anxious.  Am quite all right.  Love._—GERALD."


It reassured her.  She dressed and went out to meet Mr. Boyne, carrying
in her handbag the treasured message from Folkestone Pier, together with
her powder-puff, her little mirror, and a few hairpins.

She had no idea, however, that at the moment when she was dressing to
dine with her aunt’s benefactor, a lady with red-brown hair, having
taken tea at the Pavilion Hotel in Folkestone, was in a first-class
carriage in a boat express for London, and that that same lady had only
arrived in Folkestone a couple of hours before, and on meeting the boat
had handed in the message at the office at the harbour.

She was at Piccadilly tube station quite early, and it was fully ten
minutes before Boyne put in an appearance, smiling and happy.

"I’m so glad you’ve been able to come, Miss Marigold," he exclaimed, as
he shook hands with her warmly.  "Now, we’ll just go and have a little
dinner together, and talk about your aunt, eh?"

And he placed his hand upon her arm in a paternal manner, and started to
cross the road to Coventry Street.  "There’s a little Italian place in
Wardour Street where they do you excellently.  A man I know told me of
it the other day, and I dined there a couple of nights ago and found
things very good.  Not much of a place to look at, but good, well-cooked
food.  So let’s go there."

She walked with him, but unable to contain her joy at receiving that
reassuring wire from Gerald. She said, as they walked along Coventry
Street:

"I’ve had a wire to-night from Mr. Durrant. He’s all right."

"Have you really?  How excellent!" exclaimed Boyne.  "What does he say?"

"He wires from Folkestone pier.  He’s just arrived back in England, and
he says he’s all right. That’s all."

"Well, what do you want more?  Your boy is back, and no doubt you’ll see
him soon.  I’ve always had in my mind that his absence has been due to
some secret mission given to him by his employer. Those food people in
Mincing Lane are profiteering out of all conscience, and Durrant’s
absence is only what might well be expected.  He will get a big bonus
for carrying out some little bit of delicate diplomacy with regard to
food supplies from abroad."

They turned up Wardour Street, and presently stopped in front of one of
the small, unpretentious little foreign restaurants, where one can
always rely upon good cooking, even though the quality of the food
sometimes leaves a little to be desired.

Not more than half a dozen people were in the white-enamelled little
place, but the proprietor, a well-dressed, prosperous-looking little
Italian, came forward to greet them.

"Table for two—oh! yes.  You reserved it, sare—I know!  This way,
please."  And he conducted them to a cosy spot in a corner where a table
was laid _à deux_.

Marigold, flushed with excitement on account of the telegram in her bag,
threw off her coat, settled her blouse, and sat down opposite the man,
while an elderly waiter was quickly in attendance.

"I’ve ordered dinner," said Boyne, rather impetuously.  "Antonio will
know."  And he dismissed him.

"I’ve told them to get a nice little dinner for us," he said, looking
across at the girl.  "Well, now, Miss Marigold," he went on.  "First,
I’m delighted that you could come and have dinner with me to-night. Now
that my house is no longer inhabitable, I live in rooms at Notting Hill
Gate.  But rooms are not like one’s own home, and especially with your
aunt as housekeeper.  A more economical woman never lived. She’d save
the egg-shells and turn them into money, if she could!"

And they both laughed.

"Yes; auntie is very saving," replied the girl, whose sole purpose in
accepting the unusual invitation was to try and draw her host, and so
further the plans set by her lover.

"Saving!  What I always say is that she’s the most perfect housekeeper
anyone ever had.  That’s why I want to do something for her."

"It’s really very good of you, Mr. Boyne," said the girl, "I know now
keenly she has always looked after your interests."

"And I appreciate that, Miss Marigold.  Now, my idea is to allow her two
pounds a week till I get settled again."

"Very generous of you, I’m sure," replied Marigold. "With her infirmity,
it’s most difficult.  Her deafness has increased the last six months,
and she could never get another situation now.  I’m sure of that."

"Then you’ll look after her if she has two pounds a week regularly.—eh?"

"Yes.  She can come and live with me at Wimbledon," the girl said.  "I’m
sure auntie will be very grateful," she added.  "Only a couple of days
ago she told me she was wondering what she would do now that the house
is burnt, and she couldn’t live with a neighbour for ever."

Boyne was silent for a few seconds.  The waiter had placed the little
plates of sardines, olives, and sliced beet upon the table, the usual
hors d’oeuvres of the foreign restaurant.

The girl’s host looked her in the face suddenly, and asked:

"Tell me, Miss Marigold, what friends have you?"

"Relatives, you mean?  Well, practically none who count, except auntie
and my sister," she replied, little dreaming that the man had put that
question with an ulterior motive—and a very sinister one, too.

"And also Mr. Durrant," he laughed.

Marigold blushed.

"Don’t fear.  He’ll soon be back with you, and no doubt explain
matters."

The girl made no reply.  It was her own secret that his absence was due
to the inquiries he was making concerning the past career of the
plausible and hard-working man who was at that moment her host.

The soup was served, a clear _pot-au-feu_, hot, and as the waiter turned
away, Boyne drew handkerchief from his trouser pocket, and next moment a
number of coins fell upon the floor.

Instantly Marigold drew her chair away from the table and bent down to
see where they were.  At that moment Bernard Boyne executed a clever
trick which he had done before.  He flicked into the girl’s hot soup a
piece of very soft gelatine that had been extracted only half an hour
before from one of those mysterious blue glass tubes he had obtained
from the idiot-scientist hiding in Harpur Street.

The piece of gelatine fell into the soup unnoticed by the girl, whose
eagerness was centred upon the picking up of the lost coins, and the
other diners only glanced across for a second, and did not notice the
dropping of that fatal dose.

"Don’t bother," he said airily next moment. "The waiter will find it.
They are really only coppers.  I was foolish to put my handkerchief
there. Please don’t bother.  Your soup will be cold."

And, thus reassured, the girl drank her soup with her spoon and greatly
enjoyed it—for it was excellent.

Boyne watched her with complete satisfaction and confidence.

The other courses were served: fillets of sole, and a chicken _en
casserole_, with mushrooms, in true Continental style.  Then a cup in
which were fruit, ice-cream, and champagne, and black coffee afterwards.

The dinner Marigold agreed was excellent.  Boyne smoked cigarettes and
chatted merrily the whole time, until at last he paid the bill and
walked back with her.

They shook hands, and she thanked him heartily. Then they parted, Boyne
promising to see old Mrs. Felmore and pay her the amount he suggested.

As he strode along down the Haymarket, however, on his way back to Pont
Street, he laughed aloud and muttered to himself:

"I don’t think we shall be troubled with you, young lady, after a few
more days!"




                            *CHAPTER XXVII*

                      *"THE DAY AFTER TO-MORROW"*


Three days passed.  Marigold, on rising in the morning of the third day,
felt hot and feverish.  Her sister had suggested that she should
telephone to the bank excusing herself.

"I think I’ve got a chill," Marigold remarked.  "I felt rather queer
yesterday."

"Then stay at home, dear."

"I can’t," the girl declared as she put on her hat. "We’re so awfully
busy just now.  Miss Meldrum and Miss Page are both away with influenza.
I’m bound to go."

So she went, but feeling very ill.  At the bank one or two of the girls
remarked how unwell she looked, and as the morning wore on the pains in
her head became worse.  She could eat no lunch, and at two o’clock she
was compelled to return home to Wimbledon.

She went straight to bed, but her friends troubled little, for it was
evident that she was run down by the eternal anxiety over Gerald’s
absence, and that she had caught a severe cold.

Next morning she seemed worse, therefore her sister went for Doctor
Thurlow, who lived in Kenilworth Avenue; but he was so busy that it was
not possible for him to put in an appearance until nearly seven o’clock
that evening.

He examined the girl, and though he could not diagnose the cause
immediately, he at once recognised that she was decidedly ill.  He
prescribed a mixture, gave certain instructions, and promised to call
early next morning.

This he did and found that her temperature had risen, and that she was
much worse and a little delirious.  In her delirium she called
constantly for Gerald in a pathetic, piteous voice.

"Will my Gerald never come back to me?" she cried.  "Will he never
return?"

"She is ill—very ill," declared the doctor gravely to her sister.  "We
shall have to be extremely careful of her."

Marigold was coughing badly, for already a large area of her lungs had
become involved and consolidated. Hence the doctor carried a portion of
the sputum to his surgery, and that afternoon discovered the presence of
the deadly streptococcus.  On establishing the actual disease he at once
telephoned for some anti-pneumococcic serum, and this he injected into
the patient early next morning.

Having done so, he turned to her sister, and said:

"I am extremely sorry to tell you that this is our last hope.  She is, I
fear, collapsing fast.  The organism I have found is most deadly, and I
think it only right to tell you that my personal opinion is that the
disease has gone too far."

"What, Doctor?" gasped the young woman, pale and anxious.  "Will she
die?"

"That I cannot say, but I never like to deceive my patients’ friends in
cases so critical as this.  To me she seems to be growing weaker.  I
will be back at noon."

And the busy, white-headed doctor went out and drove away in his car.

Now on that same morning about eleven o’clock a tall, gaunt, hollow-eyed
young man in a shabby tweed suit and golf cap walked quickly up from the
Empress Dock at Southampton and across Canute Road to the
railway-station, where he bought a third-class ticket for Waterloo.

"Back in England at last!" he muttered to himself as he entered an empty
compartment.  "I shall soon see Marigold again!  Then we will get even
with our enemies."

The unshaven man was Gerald Durrant, changed indeed from the spruce
young secretary of Mincing Lane.  He looked ten years older, for his
face was pinched though bronzed, and the suit he wore was certainly
never made for him.

The truth was that the steamer _Pentyrch_, of Sunderland, ran into very
bad weather in the Bay of Biscay, and during a great storm off the
Morocco coast Captain Bowden thought it wise to put in for shelter at
the little port of Agadir.  One night, just before the vessel weighed
anchor to leave, Gerald dived into the sea and succeeded in swimming
ashore.

His absence was not noticed until three hours later, when the vessel was
well out to sea, and Captain Bowden, having lost so much time, did not
deem it worth while to bother about a man who was no doubt half a
lunatic.

Gerald, however, succeeded, with the aid of a friendly English trader,
in getting by road from Agadir to Mogador, where he told his strange
story to the British vice-consul, who in turn arranged a passage for him
on a small steamer homeward bound, and gave him a little money,
sufficient to pay his railway fare from Southampton to London.

Truly, his had been an astounding adventure, and now he was eagerly
looking forward to the happy reunion with the girl he loved so
passionately.

All his belongings were in the small brown paper parcel on the rack
above him.  At the station he had bought a packet of cigarettes, and as
he smoked he gazed reflectively out of the carriage window.  The train
was an express, but in his mood it seemed to be the slowest in the
world.

What would Marigold think of his long absence? He had once or twice
thought of telegraphing to her from Mogador, or from Brest, where they
had touched, but he had deemed it best to return to her suddenly and
then wreak vengeance upon those who had so cleverly plotted to inveigle
him to that flat on that never-to-be-forgotten night.

Waterloo—the new station with its bustle and hurry!  He sprang from the
carriage and took the next train back to Wimbledon and then on to
Wimbledon Park.

At last he halted before the neat little villa with its white painted
balcony, and knocked.

Marigold’s sister opened the door.

"Good heavens!" she gasped.  "Mr. Durrant, is it really you?"

"It is!  I’m back again.  Where is Marigold?"

"Come in," she said.  "I-I-hardly know what to say.  Marigold is—she’s
not very well."

And then in a few brief words as he stood in the narrow hall she told
him of his beloved’s sudden illness.

A second later he dashed upstairs, and then in silence, treading,
noiselessly, he advanced to the bedside of the delirious girl, who with
flushed face was calling for "her Gerald."

Tenderly he placed his cool hand upon her brow.

"But surely she will live!" he cried in blank despair.

"The doctor has grave doubts," her sister replied. "She had such deep
and constant anxiety regarding your absence, Mr. Durrant, that her
constitution has become undermined.  And now she has caught this
terrible chill which has developed into acute pneumonia."

"But people get over pneumonia!" he exclaimed. "Surely Marigold will
recover."

"The doctor told me this morning that the malady is of the most virulent
type.  There are few recoveries."

"Few recoveries!" he echoed, while at the same time the poor girl was
murmuring something incoherent regarding "Gerald."

"Yes.  He said that if she got well again it could be only by a miracle.
The serum might do its work, but—well, Mr. Durrant, I must tell you what
he really said—he told me that he regarded the case as hopeless.  The
crisis will be the day after to-morrow."

"The day after to-morrow," he said.  "And she will not recognise me till
then!"

All that the poor fellow had been through—the tortures and horrors of
that bondage in which everyone believed him to be mentally
irresponsible—were as nothing.  He loved Marigold Ramsay with the whole
strength of his gallant manhood.  His soul was hers.  They were
soul-mates, and yet she was slowly slipping away from him just at the
moment of his return and his intended triumph.

Her sister led him downstairs.  In the modest, well-kept little
dining-room below they had a further conversation.

"She was, of course, from time to time reassured by your telegrams.  By
them she knew that you were alive.  And they renewed her hope that you
would return."

"Telegrams!" echoed the man, who looked more like an unkempt tramp than
a business man.  "I sent no telegrams!  What do you mean, Mrs. Baynard?"

"Why, the messages you sent.  She has them all in her handbag."

"But I was unable to communicate with her.  I was declared to be mad,
and was sent upon a sea voyage for the benefit of my health.  I now know
that it was for the benefit of Bernard Boyne!"

"I’ll get her bag and show you.  Marigold has kept them all," her sister
said, and she left the room for a few moments, returning with the dying
girl’s black silk vanity bag, from which she drew several telegrams
carefully folded.

These he opened and examined, standing aghast as he read them.

"Why!  I never sent a single one of them!" he said.  "They’re all
forgeries!"

"What?" cried Marigold’s sister and Hetty in one breath—for her
sister-in-law had entered the room and greeted the man who had returned.

"I tell you I never sent any message to her," he said.  "Somebody has
done this.  Who?"

"Who can it be?" asked Hetty.

"I think I know," replied Gerald in a hard voice. "If I am not mistaken
my enemies have been revenged upon me."

"Enemies!  What enemies?" asked Marigold’s sister.  "Surely you have no
enemies.  I’m sure Marigold hasn’t."

"Wait and we shall discover the truth," said the young man.  "Marigold
must get well.  I have certain questions to put to her.  She can tell us
much that is still mysterious concerning Mr. Boyne."

Hetty looked him full in the face and said:

"Jack, my husband, was over at Hammersmith two days ago.  The place is
all boarded up."

"What place?"

"Mr. Boyne’s house in Bridge Place.  There’s been a fire there, and all
the upper part has been burned out.  Marigold was staying with her aunt
that night, and they both escaped just in the nick of time."

"Repeat that," he said, half dazed.

Hetty repeated what she had said.

"Ah!  So the place has been burnt up, has it? That’s more than curious,
isn’t it?"

"Why?"

"Because of the mystery surrounding that man Boyne," he said.

"Marigold ten days ago said that she didn’t believe that Mr. Boyne was
as honest and sincere as people believed, but really, I have never taken
any notice of her suspicions.  We all of us suspect one of our friends."

"Marigold spoke the truth!  I agree entirely with her.  There are
certain facts—facts which I have established—which show that this man
Boyne—most modest of men—is an adventurer of a new and very
extraordinary type.  He is engaged in some game that is very sly, and by
which he somehow enriches himself by very considerable sums."

Gerald Durrant an hour later went up to Waterloo and on to Hammersmith,
where in the evening he stood before the boarded-up ruins of the fire.
He saw that the top floor had been destroyed.

"So the secret of that top room has been wiped out," he remarked to
himself.  "Why?  Did Boyne suspect us of prying?  If he did, then what
more likely than he should put his slow, but far-reaching, fingers upon
us both.  That I should have been drugged and placed on board a ship
bound for the other side of the world, and branded as a semi-lunatic, is
only what one might expect of such a master-brain!"

At a public-house in King Street, a few doors from the end of Bridge
Place, he got into conversation with the landlord, who told him of the
events of that night when the house caught fire.

"It’s an awful thing for poor old Boyne," he added.  "Although he is an
insurance agent, it seems that, though he insured other people, he never
insured himself.  So he’s ruined—so he told Mr. Dale, the corndealer in
Chiswick High Road, a week ago."

Gerald smiled but said nothing.  His thoughts were upon the hooded
recluse who lived on the top floor of that dingy house.  What could have
been the real secret of that obscure abode?

A few other inquiries led him to the sombre house with smoke-grimed
curtains where deaf old Mrs. Felmore had taken refuge, a few doors from
the smoke-blackened, half-destroyed house.

As he sat with the old woman he spoke to her with difficulty, moving his
lips slowly.

"Yes," replied the old woman in her high-pitched voice, for all the deaf
speak loudly.  "It is all very curious—most curious!  They’ve never
found out how it caught fire."

From Bridge Place Gerald walked direct to the Hammersmith police-station
and, demanding to see someone in authority, was ushered upstairs to that
same room into which Marigold had been shown, and there sat the same
detective-inspector, rosy-faced, quiet and affable.

He listened to the roughly-clad young man’s story, until presently he
said:

"Oh, you are Gerald Durrant, are you?"

"Yes," was his visitor’s astonished reply.  "Why?"

"Well, we had a young lady inquiring about you a little while ago.  She
said you were missing, and asked us to make inquiry.  But as you had
wired to her several times we considered that you had gone off on your
own account."

"Was Marigold here?" he asked, surprised.

"Yes, she came one night and told us of your disappearance.  Where have
you been?"

"Abroad.  I only returned to-day."

"That’s what I told the young lady.  You promised in your telegrams to
come back."

"But I never sent any telegrams; they were all forged."

The detective regarded him steadily and with an air of doubt.

"Then why did you go away?  What was your motive in frightening the poor
girl?" he asked.

"I went involuntarily.  I—well, I suppose I must have been drugged and
put on board a ship at Hull."

"H’m!  What ship?"

Gerald gave the name of the ship and of its captain, which the detective
scribbled down.

"Yes.  You’d better tell me the whole of your story.  It seems rather a
curious one."

"It is," declared Durrant, and he proceeded to describe what happened on
that fateful night when he met the two ladies in distress outside
Kensington Gardens.

The detective listened attentively, but noting Gerald’s unkempt
appearance and rough dress, together with his excited manner, he came to
the conclusion that what he was relating was a mere exaggerated tale
concocted with some ulterior motive, which to him was not apparent.

At last, when Durrant began to describe Bernard Boyne’s strange doings
in Bridge Place, the inspector interrupted him.

"The house has been burned, as I dare say you know."

"Yes," replied Gerald vehemently, "purposely burned for two reasons.
First, to destroy evidence of whatever was contained in that upstairs
room, together with its occupant——"

"Then you think someone lived up there—eh?"

"I feel absolutely sure of it."

"You only believe it," said the officer.  And after a pause he asked:
"And what was the second motive?"

"To get rid of Miss Ramsay—for that night, after visiting you, she went
back and slept there in order to keep her aunt company."

The detective smiled.  Then, after a pause, he said:

"Mr. Boyne is very well-known and popular in Hammersmith, you know.
Everyone has a good word for him.  He is honest, hard-working, and often
shows great kindness to poor people whose insurance policies would lapse
if he did not help them over the stile.  No, Mr. Durrant; Bernard Boyne
is certainly not the daring and relentless criminal you are trying to
make him out.  Indeed, I hear that, by the fire at his house, he’s lost
nearly all he possessed.  He wasn’t insured."

"Why is it that by day he collects insurance premiums here, and yet at
night puts on an evening suit and dines at the most expensive
restaurants in the West End?" demanded Gerald, furious that his story
was being dismissed by the police.

"Ah!  He may have some motive.  Many men who earn their money in a hard
manner by day go into the West End at night dressed as gentlemen. He may
have some motive.  He may have some rich clients, for all we know."

"I see you are dubious of the whole affair!" exclaimed Gerald.  "I’ve
only come here to tell you what I know."

"And I thank you for coming," replied the detective. "But we cannot act
upon your mere suspicions. You must bring us something more tangible
than that before we institute inquiries.  I regret it," he added; "but
we cannot help you.  If you had any direct evidence of incendiarism it
would be different."

And, thus dismissed, Gerald Durrant descended the stairs with heavy
heart and hopeless foreboding, and walking out, made his way back to
Wimbledon Park, where Marigold lay dying.




                            *CHAPTER XXVIII*

                            *AT THE WINDOW*


On that same afternoon the Red Widow was seated with Boyne in Lilla’s
pretty drawing-room in Pont Street.

She had come there hurriedly in response to a telephone message from
Boyne’s wife, and they were now holding a council of war to decide upon
their actions in future.

"The only danger that can possibly threaten us is that infernal French
girl and her lover," Boyne assured them, as he leaned back lazily in a
silken easy chair, and puffed at his cigarette.  He was smartly dressed
with a white slip in his waistcoat, fawn spats, and patent leather
shoes.  "At the present moment they hold their tongues in the hope of
squeezing more money from us.  Meanwhile we shall collect the sum
assured upon dear Augusta, and quietly leave England for a little while.
A pity the sum is not larger," he added.

"I was only thinking the same the other day," said Ena.  "But how about
that girl Ramsay?"

"Oh, the end ought to be to-day, or at least to-morrow.  I’ve made
secret inquiries in Wimbledon Park, and I hear that the doctor gave her
up a day or so ago," he said grimly.

"That will be another distinct peril removed," remarked Lilla.  "It
serves the girl right for being too inquisitive."

"And the man Durrant cannot be back yet, eh?" asked Ena.

"No," was Boyne’s reply.  "I see by the papers that the ship has arrived
at Cape Town.  Even if he escaped there, and found his way back, he
could not arrive in London for another three weeks or more. So when he
does return—if he ever does—he will find Marigold silent in her grave,
that a disaster has occurred in Bridge Place, and that we are no longer
in London."

"And Lionel?" asked the Red Widow.

"Oh, we have nothing to fear from him.  He’s only a gibbering idiot who
believes my story that he committed a crime—killed a little girl named
Maggie—although he was quite innocent.  I made him wear a hood whenever
he saw me, and I did the same.  He believed me to be a man named Wisden,
the witness of his crime!  And because of that he executed in blind
obedience every order I gave him. The fact that for months he never saw
my face impressed him, and thus the terror of the police has so got upon
his unstrung nerves that he is fast going from bad to worse.  As a
bacteriologist he is, of course, wonderful.  He was marked out as a
coming man by the professors at the Laboratory at Oxford, before he took
to drugs and his brain gave way."

"Where is he now?" asked Ena.

Boyne explained the man’s hiding-place, adding: "I’ve given him money to
go on with.  When that is finished—well, we will consider what we shall
do."

"We shall want him again, no doubt," laughed Ena.

"Probably," said Boyne.  "But remember, if there are any awkward
inquiries—as there may be if we can’t settle completely with Céline—then
we must be absent from London for a year or two."

"That’s a pity," declared the Red Widow. "Recollect what I said
regarding that woman Vesey, whose hair is almost similar to mine.  I met
her at Brighton some time ago, and we became very chummy.  She has a
place in Gloucestershire.  And that other woman Sampson.  Both affairs
would be so easy—ten thousand each."

"I know, my dear Ena, but let us square up this present deal first.
That solicitor in the City is horribly slow.  He is out of town till
to-morrow.  Time is going on.  Each day brings us nearer open
hostilities with Céline, therefore I suggest that Lilla should remain to
receive the money and settle up, while you and I get away.  I propose
going to Spain, and you—well, you know Sweden well.  Why not slip over
to Stockholm?  We will all meet again, say, at Trouville in six weeks’
time, and hold another consultation," suggested the man.

"Yes," Lilla said.  "That’s all very well.  But it means that I’m to be
left alone to face Céline!"

"Well, it’s the only way," declared her husband. "It is not wise for all
of us to await the payment. I agree that the solicitor might easily have
obtained a settlement of the claim ere this—especially as it is not
disputed.  But the more respectable the solicitor the slower he is."

"Are you sure that the fire at Bridge Place has aroused no suspicion?"
asked Ena.  "After a fire there’s always an inquiry as to how it
originated."

"Yes, when the place is insured.  But mine was not—intentionally," Boyne
replied, with a grin. "We couldn’t afford that upstairs laboratory to be
discovered.  Besides, there was enough stuff in the tubes to kill a
whole town—all sorts of infectious diseases, from anthrax to bubonic
plague.  Lionel dabbled with them, and gleefully cultivated them with
his broth and his trays and tubes of gelatine."

"Well, as long as you are quite certain we are not watched, I don’t
care," said the handsome woman, who was so often seen at table at the
Ritz, the Carlton, and the Berkeley.  "If we were, it would be most
dangerous to meet, even as we are doing now."

"Bah!  You are both growing very nervy!" laughed Boyne derisively.  "It
is so foolish.  Nothing serious can happen.  Even when the French girl
grows greedy, we can always settle with her. Between us we have laid up
a nice little nest-egg for the future.  I reckoned it out yesterday.
The game is one of the few which is worth the candle."

"And the people in their graves are better off!" laughed Lilla, who was
utterly heartless and unscrupulous.

Boyne rose and obtained a fresh cigarette, while his wife rang the bell
for tea.

The latter was brought in upon a fine old Sheffield plate tray, and
Lilla poured it out.

When the man-servant had gone, the Red Widow, turning to Boyne’s wife,
said:

"I really think, Lilla, after what Bernie has suggested, that I shall
plead illness and get away.  I shall tell my friends I am going to
Sicily, but instead I shall run over to Stockholm.  I know lots of
friends there.  Indeed, we might carry on our affairs there later.  The
Scandinavian is a good insurance company."

"English companies are better," Boyne declared. "I have little faith in
foreign insurance companies. They always want to know just a little too
much to suit our purpose.  I’ve studied them all.  My first case was in
Milan eight years ago, and it nearly ended in disaster.  I had to clear
out suddenly and leave my claim—which has never been paid.  And I wasn’t
clumsy, I assure you.  I got the stuff from old ’Grandfather’ of
Frankfurt."

"Oh!  ’Grandfather.’  I’ve heard his name before," said Ena.  "He sells
tubes, doesn’t he?"

"Sells them!  Of course he did—and still does. You have to be well
introduced, and he charges you very high, but his stuff is
first-class—quite as good as Lionel’s.  ’Grandfather’ I met once in the
Adlon, in Berlin—a funny old professor with long hair.  But, by Jove! he
must have made a big fortune by this time.  He charged a hundred pounds
for a single tube of anthrax, sleeping sickness, or virulent
pneumonia—and double for a certain poison which creates all the
post-mortem symptoms of heart-disease, and cannot be detected."

"Well now?" asked Lilla, sipping her tea from the pretty Crown Derby
cup.  "What are we to do?"

"As Bernie suggests, I think," said Ena.  "I’ll get away, and next day
Bernie can go to Paris, and on by the Sud Express to Madrid."

"Then on to Barcelona," said Boyne.  "I’m known there as Mr. Bennett.
I’ve stayed once or twice at the Hôtel Colon."

"No.  I really can’t be left alone," said Lilla. "As soon as you have
gone that girl Céline will call."

"Don’t see her, dear," urged the Red Widow.

"Oh!  That’s all very well, but I can’t be out each time she comes.  I
should be compelled to see her.  And no doubt she would have the man
with her.  Then, when she found out that you had both gone, she would
turn upon me."

"No, no," laughed Boyne.  "You will have money ready to give her if she
turns very hostile, so as to afford us further time.  Their only game is
blackmail.  They suspect something concerning the old man at
Chiswick—thanks to talking too loud in the presence of one’s servants.
It ought to be a lesson to us all."

"It is, Bernie," said the Red Widow, rising from her chair and crossing
the room to get her handbag which she had left on the sofa by the
window.

As she took it up, she chanced to glance out into the street.

"My God!" she gasped.  And next second she sprang from the window.  Her
face was white as paper.  "My God!" she repeated, reeling, and steadying
herself by the back of a chair.

"What’s happened?" asked Boyne, springing up.

"No, no!  For Heaven’s sake, don’t go near the window.  He has seen
me—I’m sure he recognised me!"

"Who?"

"Emery—that solicitor in Manchester!  He—he—knows me as—as Augusta
Morrison—the dead woman!"

"And did he see you?" cried Boyne in a low, hoarse voice.  "Are you
certain?"

"Well—no—I—I’m not absolutely certain.  He was looking up at the house,
and he’s coming here."

At that second the front door electric bell rang.

All three started.

"Why is he here?" asked Lilla.  "Are inquiries already on foot?"

"If they are, then our game is up," declared Ena. "You must receive him,
Lilla, but you must deny all knowledge of me.  You know nothing of
Augusta Morrison."

"But he may call at Upper Brook Street," said Boyne quickly.  "You must
not return there."

"Did he recognise me?  That’s the question," asked Ena, still pale to
the lips.

A second later the man entered with a card upon his salver—the card of
the Manchester solicitor, Mr. Emery.

"Oh!" exclaimed Lilla, taking it up.  "Oh, yes—show him up."

Then as soon as the man had left, Ena slipped upstairs into one of the
bedrooms to hide, in company with Bernard Boyne.

When the young Manchester solicitor was ushered in, he found the
tea-things cleared—which had been effected several minutes before—and
Lilla rose to greet him.

"I believe you are Mrs. Braybourne," he said, bowing.  "My name is
Emery.  I am the solicitor who effected a policy on the life of the late
Mrs. Augusta Morrison in your favour.  My client, I hear, with much
regret, has died, and I understand from the company that you have put in
your claim."

Mrs. Braybourne admitted that it was so, and offered her visitor a seat.

"I came this morning from Manchester, in order to consult with your
solicitor," he went on. "Mrs. Morrison was a personal friend of mine,
and she told me that she had, since her husband’s death, discovered that
she was indebted to Mr. Braybourne, hence her insurance on the
assignment of the policy."

"It came as a great surprise to me," said Lilla, with her innate
cleverness.  "I had not the pleasure of knowing Mrs. Morrison, though I
met her husband several times, years ago.  My late husband was a friend
of his."

"So she told me when we were together at Llandudno," Emery said.  "It
was certainly very generous of her to try and make reparation for some
wrong which her husband did to Mr. Braybourne.  But I confess I am
somewhat surprised."

"At what?" asked the pseudo widow.

"Well—she gave me the impression that you were a person of limited
means.  But that does not appear so," he said, glancing around the
luxurious little apartment.

Lilla smiled quite calmly.  She was uncertain whether her very unwelcome
visitor had recognised Ena through the window as his client, the false
Augusta Morrison.

"Of course, I have no idea what Mrs. Morrison told you concerning
myself.  I only know that my late husband was interested in certain
business transactions with Mr. Morrison up in Scotland," she said, with
an air of ignorance.

"True, Mrs. Braybourne; but how is it that you have instructed your
solicitors here to press a claim of which you now declare you had no
knowledge?"

For a second Lilla was cornered; but her quick woman’s wit came to her
aid, and smiling quite calmly, she said:

"Well, to tell you the truth, a solicitor of Mrs. Morrison in London
wrote me quite recently, explaining in strict confidence the position
and the efforts your client had made to make reparation for her
husband’s swindling.  All I know is that Mr. Morrison’s business
morality left a great deal to be desired, and we came very near ruin.
Indeed, we should have been ruined, had it not been for assistance I
received from my father."

"In what way?" asked the keen young lawyer.

"Well—I think I need not go into such details," said the clever woman
with whom he was confronted. "Your client, no doubt, admitted to you her
husband’s double-dealing and how he very nearly ruined us.  It was
because of that Mrs. Morrison of Carsphairn insured her life in my
favour."

Young Mr. Emery nodded, but his lips curled in a smile of incredulity.
He paused for several moments, his gaze fixed upon the woman.

"Well," he said at last, "I have been at the head office of the company
to-day, after I found that your legal adviser was absent, and—well, to
tell you the truth, they are not altogether satisfied."

"Who?" asked Lilla, in surprise.

"The insurance company."

"Why?"

Again Mr. Emery paused, again he fixed his eyes upon the woman before
him.  He slowly rose from his chair and walked to the fireplace,
whereupon he drew himself up.  Placing his hands in his trousers
pockets, he said, in a changed voice:

"Mrs. Braybourne, just because I have interested myself, rather unduly
perhaps, in the affairs of my late client, Mrs. Morrison, I find myself
confronted by several problems.  I want you to assist me to solve at
least one of them."

"And what is that?" asked Lilla, quite calmly.

"Simply this," he said, fixing his dark eyes upon her.  "I want you to
explain the fact why, as I came along the street, I should see, standing
here in your window, my late client, Mrs. Augusta Morrison?"




                             *CHAPTER XXIX*

                             *ON THIN ICE*


Lilla drew herself up, and looked her unwelcome interrogator full in the
face with unwavering gaze.

"Mrs. Morrison?" she echoed.  "What do you mean?"

"I mean, madam, that as I approached this house Mrs. Morrison was
looking out of the window."

Lilla laughed.  Though greatly perturbed, she had been forewarned, and
preserved an outward calm.

"Really, Mr. Emery," she laughed, "you must be mistaken.  I have not the
pleasure of knowing Mrs. Morrison.  I only knew her husband, who came to
see us several times when we lived in Kensington.  His wife lived in
Scotland, but I was never acquainted with her."

"Do you mean to insist that you have never seen her?"

"Never in my life—to my knowledge," was the frank reply.

"But I insist that my eyes have not deceived me, and that she was in
your window a few minutes ago."

Again Lilla laughed.

"Well, Mr. Emery, though you and I have never met before, I can’t help
thinking that you are—well, just a little eccentric," she said.  "You
come here and declare that you have seen at my window a woman who is
dead."

"Ah, but is she really dead, Mrs. Braybourne?" asked the shrewd young
man, who had of late been getting together an extensive legal practice
in Manchester.

"My dear Mr. Emery, ask yourself," Lilla replied. "I understand that the
poor lady’s sister was present at the end and took a last look at her
before the coffin was screwed down.  Surely her sister would know her?
I am, of course, in utter ignorance of the facts, But I think, before
you make such foolish mistakes as you are doing, you had better
inquire—don’t you?"

Her argument was rather disconcerting.  Charles Emery felt certain that
he had seen the face of the dead woman at the window.  Yet, if it were
true that her sister had seen her in her coffin, then surely his eyes
had deceived him.

Upstairs Boyne and Ena stood together in breathless wonder at what was
in progress below.  Boyne knew how clever his wife was, and how, when
faced with difficulties, she always became so calm and innocent.  Of
that he had had proof many times. Their marital relations had been such
that he had long ago felt she was a super-woman in the art of deception.

But here she was faced with a perilous problem, and both Ena and he knew
it.

They stood together, conversing in whispers.

"Trust Lilla," said Boyne in a low voice.  "She will wriggle out of
anything.  Besides, she had the tip that the fellow may have recognised
you."

Below the young solicitor and Lilla were still in open hostility.

Emery had grown angry.  The woman had accused him of an undue suspicion.

"Lots of people, especially those who are spooky, believe in a sixth
sense," she said.  "Surely you don’t believe in it, do you, Mr. Emery?
I do not.  Do you really insist that in my window you have seen the face
of a woman who is dead and buried?  If so—well, you’ve got the sixth
sense, and it would be more profitable to you to go into the Other World
Combine—which, I believe, is being formed—than to practise law.
Personally, I only wish I had a sixth sense. Oh, what a lot concerning
other people’s affairs I should know—eh?"

And she laughed lightly, as though highly amused.

Emery stood in silence.  She could see that he was still unconvinced.
The situation was one of the most perilous they had ever faced.

"To tell you the truth, Mrs. Braybourne, I’m not at all satisfied," said
the young man frankly. "I feel confident that the woman’s face I saw at
your window was that of Mrs. Augusta Morrison."

"How utterly ridiculous!" declared the clever adventuress.  "If Mrs.
Morrison’s sister and other relatives saw her at the nursing home before
and after her death they must have recognised her.  How therefore, can
the lady possibly be alive?  It’s silly to imagine such a thing!"

"Well," he asked, "who first informed you that the late Mrs. Morrison
had assigned her life policy to you?"

"A man I know named May, who was a friend of my husband and of the late
Mr. Morrison."

"And how did he know, pray?"

"How can I tell?  He knew Mrs. Morrison, I believe, and he used to stay
at her house-parties at Carsphairn.  Possibly she might have told him."

"When did you see him?"

"I haven’t seen him lately," she replied quickly, a fiction ready to her
lips.  "He rang me up about three days after Mrs. Morrison’s death and
told me of the sad event, of which I, of course, was in complete
ignorance.  Then he told me that she had insured her life for my
benefit.  I asked him how he knew that; but he only laughed and said
that he knew, and would send, me particulars of the assignment of the
policy, and that I had better take steps at once to establish my
claim—which naturally I did, after receiving a few notes of the
assignment.  I made out a full account of my late husband’s dealings
with Mr. Morrison—how he had very nearly brought us to ruin—and placed
them with the notes of the assignment in the hands of my solicitor, who,
I suppose, in due course approached the insurance company.  Previously,
however, I had heard of the fact from another source—a solicitor—as I
have already told you."

"H’m!" Emery grunted.  Then, after a pause, he asked:

"Do you happen to know a certain lady living in Upper Brook Street named
Mrs. Pollen?"

"Pollen?  Pollen?" repeated Lilla.  "The name sounds familiar.  She’s a
society hostess—a woman who often has her photograph in the picture
papers, isn’t she?" she asked, with well-affected ignorance.

"I think not.  I’ve never seen her portrait in the papers.  She was,
however, a friend of Mrs. Morrison."

"I’m afraid I know nothing of Mrs. Morrison’s friends.  My husband knew
some of them, of course. And I have to thank Morrison for bringing ruin
to us.  He made huge profits over these business deals and bought
Carsphairn, while my husband went under and would have been down and out
had it not been for my family, who assisted him on his legs again."

"Well, in any case, you seem to live in very easy circumstances to-day,
Mrs. Braybourne," he remarked, glancing around the luxurious room.

"Oh, I don’t know," Lilla laughed lightly.  "In London we put all the
goods in the window—you don’t up in Lancashire."

An awkward pause ensued.

"Well, Mrs. Braybourne," he said at last, "I cannot conceal from myself
that there are certain peculiar circumstances which must be cleared up."

"About what?" she asked in pretended innocence.

"About this curious claim of yours.  The assignment of the policy was,
of course, in my hands, and it is not at all clear how your mythical
friend Mr. May gained knowledge of what the late Mrs. Morrison desired
to keep secret."

"As I’ve told you, Mr. May gave me particulars regarding it, which I
duly handed to my solicitors. If Mrs. Morrison, in a fit of remorse for
her husband’s sharp practice, as it seems, chose to insure her life for
my benefit, I don’t see, Mr. Emery, why you should raise any objection,"
she protested.  "She was your client, I presume?"

"She was," he replied.  "And because I also acted as agent of the
insurance company, I now consider it my duty to put all the facts before
them, together with my allegation that the dead woman is actually in
this house, or was when I entered here."

"Really, you are most insulting!" declared Lilla with well-feigned
indignation.  "I think it gross impertinence and a breach of
professional etiquette that you should come here to see me and accuse me
of lying when the matter is in the hands of my solicitor."

"Ah, Mrs. Braybourne.  Pardon me, please; I only wish to straighten
things out," he said blandly. "At present they are a little too tangled
to suit me," he went on.  "When I have given over the facts to the
company my responsibility is at an end.  Your solicitor returns to
London to-morrow, and I will have a consultation, with a view to a
settlement—in some way or other," he added in a meaning tone.

Then he bowed coldly and took his departure.

The instant he had left, the trio of dealers in secret death held a
hurried and excited council.

"The game is up!" declared Ena, her countenance blanched to the lips.
"The Fates are against us. How dare we press our claim further, and if
we do not, then our failure to do so is self-condemnation."

"He’s a shrewd young chap.  He certainly recognised you—curse it!" cried
Boyne.

"We must get away," said Lilla.  "We all of us have old Jackie James’s
passports.  And it only remains for us to clear out at once."

"Old Jackie’s passports" to which she had referred were those cleverly
fabricated since the war by an old man named James who lived at Notting
Hill Gate, and who had at one time been a notorious forger.  He now made
a very excellent living by supplying crooks and criminals of all classes
with false passports in neat little blue books, on which then photograph
was fixed, and he himself embossed it with the stamp bearing the British
royal arms and the words "Foreign Office," as well as the rubber date
stamp, at an inclusive cost of fifteen pounds each.

These passports were beautifully printed in Bilbao, in Spain, together
with the British red sixpenny stamp, but completed ready for the
purchaser at Notting Hill Gate.

"Though I never like leaving good money behind," said Boyne, "I must
admit that our luck is quite out this time, and we must all lie doggo
for a bit."

"Ena must not return to Upper Brook Street, for Emery is certain to go
there," Lilla said.

"Curse the fellow!" cried the Red Widow.  "It’s all my fault!  I ought
to have exercised more care, but Bernie has always been so cocksure that
everything was plain sailing."

"No," he protested.  "Surely I can’t be accused of your indiscretions,
Ena.  I’ve done my best—just as we all have done—but we’ve fortunately
received warning in time that the game is at an end—at least, for a
little while.  We can resume it in France, or probably in America later
on.  All that remains now is for us to swiftly and quietly fade out and
leave them all guessing."

"One good feature is that the girl Ramsay will not be able to tell them
anything," said Lilla.  "I’ve always doubted her from the first.  She’s
a cunning little cat."

"Yes.  The end ought to be to-day—or to-morrow at latest," Boyne said.

"And by that time we shall all three be well on our way abroad."

Then they began to discuss ways and means, the destination of each of
them, and the matter of money, there being three deposits in different
London banks in different names.

The Red Widow and her companions had long ago taken every ingenious
precaution in case of enforced flight at a moment’s notice.  There were,
indeed, three separate sets of baggage lying at the waiting-room of
Victoria Station.  But the banks were closed and no money could be
obtained.

In the meantime the young Manchester solicitor, much puzzled, of course,
had taken a taxi and alighted in Upper Brook Street.

Of the hall-porter he made inquiry regarding Mrs. Pollen, and was taken
up in the lift.

At the door of the flat he rang, and a smart maid answered.

"I want to see Mrs. Pollen," he said with his best smile.

"Mrs. Pollen isn’t at home, sir," the girl replied.

"Dear me!" he said, deeply disappointed.  "I’ve come up from the country
specially to see her.  When will she be back?"

"I don’t know.  Perhaps not till the evening, sir."

Emery paused.  He was arriving at an estimate of the maid’s loyalty to
her mistress.

"Well," he said, "my business is most important—upon money matters.  May
I come in and write her a note?"

"Madam has forbidden me to allow anyone inside during her absence,"
replied the good-looking, dark-eyed girl.

"Of course, she fears thieves.  But I’m a solicitor," and he showed her
his card.  "Please don’t think I’m a thief—eh?" and he laughed merrily.

The girl looked at the card and then allowed him in, showing him into
the dining-room, upon the table of which was a great bowl of La France
roses—the room in which his client, Mrs. Augusta Morrison, had been
entrapped and done to death so insidiously.

"There’s paper there, I think, sir," she said, indicating a small
writing-table set near the window.

He seated himself, though his quick eyes took in all the surroundings.

Before he began to write, he saw in a broad silver frame before him a
large photograph of his client, Mrs. Morrison.

"That’s a beautiful portrait," he remarked to the girl.

"Yes, sir.  Mistress had it done about three months ago.  It’s very good
of her."

Charles Emery bit his lip and managed to stifle the ejaculation which
rose to his lips.

The truth was out!  It was Ena Pollen whom he had seen at Mrs.
Braybourne’s window, and Ena Pollen had, he saw, posed for insurance
purposes as Mrs. Augusta Morrison—the rich widow of Carsphairn.

For a moment the discovery dumbfounded him. He scribbled a few lines.
Then he tore them up, and, making excuse for troubling the maid, he rose
and said he would call next day.  Then he pressed into her hand a
ten-shilling note.

But just before he took his leave, he turned to her in the hall, and
asked suddenly:

"Oh, by the way, has Mrs. Morrison been here to visit your mistress
lately?"

"Not lately, sir," she answered.  "Poor lady, she’s dead, so I hear."

"Did she often visit your mistress?"

"Yes, sir.  The last time she was here was at a dinner party with Mr.
and Mrs. Braybourne."

"Oh!  Then Mrs. Braybourne is a friend of your mistress, is she?  I know
her quite well.  She lives in Pont Street, eh?"

"Yes, sir; she’s a very great friend," was the girl’s reply.  "So is Mr.
Braybourne."

"And who is Mr. Braybourne?"

"Why, Mrs. Braybourne’s husband, of course."

As Emery descended the stairs to the street he wondered who could be
"Mr. Braybourne"—if Mrs. Braybourne was a widow, as alleged.

At the end of the street he hailed a taxi and returned at once to the
head office of the insurance company, where he revealed certain other
suspicions which had arisen in his mind after his interview with Mrs.
Braybourne.




                             *CHAPTER XXX*

                         *THROUGH THE DARKNESS*


Events happened apace.

The criminal dovecot in Pont Street was now seriously disturbed.

Even Boyne, usually so calm and unruffled in face of any peril or
difficulty, saw that matters had grown very serious.  He was in complete
ignorance of the return of Gerald Durrant.  Nor did he know that at
Wimbledon Park the doctor, on calling again late that afternoon, had
pronounced that the serum was doing its work, and that Marigold was
decidedly better.

It had been just a toss-up.  According to his judgment, the serum
injected to fight the germs of disease had been administered a few hours
too late. The human machine is, however, a curious thing, and the throw
of the dice with Death is always weighted upon the side of the living.

Gerald, pale, anxious, and emaciated after all the hardships he had gone
through, sat by the bedside of his well-beloved, watching her eagerly.

To his delight, she was slowly recovering.  It is one of the features of
the malady from which Marigold was suffering—thanks to the brutal plot
to kill her—that after a certain fixed period, death supervenes or
recovery comes very quickly.

In her case the doctor himself was agreeably surprised.  She was
recovering, he had said!  She would yet live to cheat her enemies!

Gerald, realising this, was in the seventh heaven of delight.  He was,
of course, in ignorance of what had transpired at Pont Street, or of the
suspicion of Charles Emery, the man who had made the actual assignment
of Mrs. Morrison’s insurance.

On the following morning, after hearing the doctor’s good news, he sat
beside Marigold’s bed, and by slow degrees the girl recognised her lover
as he bent over her and tenderly kissed her upon the brow.

The light of recognition suddenly shone in her eyes, and smiling, she
gripped his hand.

"Yes, darling, I am home again!" he said in a soft voice.  "Home—to find
that you are getting better.  You’ve been very ill.  But you’ll soon be
well again, thank God!"

For some moments the girl was too overcome by emotion to speak, but at
last her lips moved, and in a voice scarcely audible she pronounced his
name.

"Gerald!" she articulated with difficulty, raising her hand until it
rested against his cheek.  "Gerald! _My Gerald_!"

"Yes, darling!  I am here with you!" he assured her soothingly, for they
were alone together, the doctor having just left.  "You have been very,
very ill."

"Yes," she whispered, "very ill."

Then she closed her eyes for fully five minutes, as though the strain of
speaking had been too much for her, while he sat at her bedside watching
breathlessly the white countenance of the girl who was all in all to
him.

At last she again opened her eyes, and in a voice scarce above a
whisper, asked:

"Where have you been all this long, long time?"

"Abroad, dear.  But don’t worry about that! I’m back," he said
cheerfully.  "Back with you. Rest, and you will soon be quite well
again."

Again she closed her eyes and turned her head slightly upon the pillow.
And as she did this, Gerald again kissed her upon the brow.

About two hours later her condition showed a marked improvement, but
Gerald had not left her side for a moment.

At noon she seemed so much better that he decided to go over to Ealing
and obtain a suit of his own clothes, so as to make himself more
presentable. This he did.

His sister was naturally delighted to see him, but save for a brief
explanation of his absence he did not enter into any details concerning
it.  His anxiety was to return to Wimbledon Park.  He had at first
contemplated going to Mincing Lane to explain his absence, but had now
decided to postpone that until the morrow.

So about three o’clock he was back again at Marigold’s bedside,
delighted to find the great improvement which had taken place during the
past few hours.  The serum was doing its work, and slowly she was
returning to her old self again.

When they were alone, and Gerald was once more seated beside her, she
turned to him, and in a low, intense voice asked if her sister had told
him of the fire in Bridge Place.

"Yes, dearest," he answered.  "I know all about it.  I’ve seen the ruin,
and I’ve talked to your aunt. You both had narrow escapes!"

"Mr. Boyne—set—it—on—fire—Gerald," she said weakly, "so as to get rid of
what was in that upstairs room!"

"Without a doubt."

"I—I tried to learn more about it.  That’s—well, that’s why I dined with
Mr. Boyne."

"You dined with him?" echoed her lover.

"Yes—in order to try and learn something more. Did we not agree to keep
a watchful eye upon him?"

"We did.  But I fell into a cunningly devised trap on the night I
disappeared," he said.  "I will describe it to you later.  Well, when
you dined with the fellow, did you discover why he spends his evenings
among those smart people in the West End?"

"No, Gerald; but I came to the conclusion that he is a very remarkable
crook."

"Of that I’m certain, dear.  We’ve both had proof of it.  He knew we
were watching him, and his intention, no doubt, was to get rid of both
of us."

"Yes, I quite agree," replied the girl faintly, yet smiling into his
face.  Then she added: "Do you know, Gerald, that—that ever since I
dined with Mr. Boyne I haven’t been the same.  I felt ill next morning,
and gradually the illness increased, until I had to go to bed and the
doctor came to see me."

Gerald Durrant knit his brows.

"By Gad!" he gasped.  "I—I never thought of that!  He invited you to
dinner—eh?"

In reply to his question, Marigold described the chance meeting near the
bank and the invitation that followed.

"Ah!" he exclaimed, after a pause.  "He had got rid of me, and intended
that you should die—truly a most diabolical plot!  I see it all!  But we
will be even with him yet, darling—never fear!"

Assuring the girl that he would return very soon, Gerald Durrant left
the house determined to take direct action.  His failure to convince the
police at Hammersmith that "Busy" Boyne, the pious insurance agent, was
a master-criminal, had irritated and angered him.  Probably if he went
direct to Scotland Yard and re-told the story, laying stress upon the
plots against Marigold and himself, they would hear him and make some
investigation.

The mystery of that upstairs room and its weird occupant was ever
uppermost in his mind.  And now that it was destroyed, it made it
plainer than ever that there had been some guilty secret hidden there.

He went to Charing Cross, and presently entered the headquarters of the
Criminal Investigation Department at Scotland Yard, where he was
courteously received by Detective-Inspector Shaw in one of the cold,
bare, official waiting-rooms.

The inspector, a short, stout, brusque man, listened very patiently to
the strange story related to him, and once or twice jotted down notes.
But his countenance was imperturbable, and Gerald’s heart had already
sunk within him, for he saw that he was quite unimpressed.

At last Shaw stirred himself, and said:

"Well, Mr. Durrant, all that you’ve just told me is extremely
interesting.  Will you wait a few moments?" and rising, he left the
room.  On his return five minutes later, he asked Gerald to accompany
him.  They went together down a long corridor, where the young man was
ushered into a comfortable office.  A well-dressed man of rather dapper
appearance was seated at a table, and Gerald was invited to a chair,
when he was closely questioned, more especially regarding his
observations and those of Marigold upon the houses in Pont Street and
Upper Brook Street, and also concerning the trap into which he himself
had fallen, and Marigold’s inexplicable illness.

"Is the young lady yet fit to see anyone, do you think?" asked the
superintendent.  "Is she well enough to make a statement?"

"Not to-day, I fear.  Perhaps she will be to-morrow."

His interrogator reflected for a few moments.

"When is that appointment due with Mr. Macdonald and the
Frenchman—Galtier is his name, isn’t it?" he asked his secretary, who
was seated at a table on the opposite side of the room.

"They are due here now," was the latter’s reply as he glanced at the
clock.

"Mr. Emery is also to be here, is he not, Mr. Francis?"

"Yes, sir," replied the secretary.

Five minutes later there assembled in that room five other persons.
Charles Emery was shown in with the inquisitive little man, Alexander
Macdonald, who had arrived in Ardlui, and, giving his name as John
Greig, had watched the Red Widow by orders from the detective office in
Glasgow, and had gone back down Loch Lomond only half convinced that he
was on the wrong track, and that she was not the notorious woman, Sarah
Slade, for whom he was in search.

Alexander Macdonald was, however, a very shrewd person, and when the
first suspicion of a new case was aroused against Ena Pollen, as she now
called herself, he saw that he had been sadly misled. Therefore, unknown
to Scotland Yard, the Glasgow police had been doing underground work in
order to fix the identity of the lady of Upper Brook Street.

Almost simultaneously with the arrival of the two men there came Céline
and Galtier, together with a well-dressed elderly man, the manager of
the insurance company in which the false Mrs. Morrison had taken out a
policy.

For a full hour they sat with the superintendent of the Criminal
Investigation Department, who, with a shorthand writer at his elbow,
heard the further statement of each in turn.  At last, turning to
Inspector Shaw, he said:

"There is certainly sufficient evidence to justify the immediate arrest
of the two women and the man Boyne.  We must get the statements of Miss
Ramsay and her aunt later."

Then, taking a sheet of pale-yellow official paper, he scribbled one or
two lines, signed them, and handed it to Shaw.

"I think that is all we can do at the moment," he said, addressing the
party.  "It is quite evident that a great insurance conspiracy has been
attempted, and not for the first time.  Apparently the late Mr. Martin
was a victim, together with other persons, whose names and circumstances
we shall later on discover.  To me it seems that great credit is due to
the intelligence of Miss Ramsay and of Mr. Durrant, who watched the man
Boyne so ingeniously until they must have somehow betrayed themselves,
and thus have placed their lives in jeopardy."

"I think," said the Manchester solicitor, "that if Mrs. Braybourne had
pretended to remain in ignorance for a month or so, and not sought to
establish her claim, the company would have, no doubt, paid the sum
without question."

"Yes," laughed the superintendent.  "But criminals always betray
themselves by overdue anxiety. But we have here to deal with a very
dangerous gang. and it only shows to the insurance world how easily they
may be defrauded by a well-established organisation."

Shaw had left the room, and already the telephone was at work to ensure
the arrest of the criminals.

"It will certainly be highly interesting to discover how many innocent
people have actually been the victims of this desperate and relentless
trio who dealt secret death in order to enrich themselves," remarked the
superintendent.

"There was a grave suspicion of the woman Pollen in another case about
two years ago," said Macdonald.  "Therefore, on a report from Ardlui, I
ran up from Glasgow, but I failed to identify her as the woman who had
called herself Slade, though I had very strong suspicions.  Her social
standing deceived me, I admit.  Poor Mrs. Morrison of Carsphairn!"
exclaimed Macdonald in his strong Glasgow accent.  "She was a good
lady—a very good lady!"

"Well," said the superintendent, rising from his chair.  "We have to
thank you all for your combined efforts, and especially Mademoiselle and
Mr. Durrant. Let’s hope we shall get the guilty ones, and then we shall
all meet again as witnesses at the Old Bailey."

And thus, just after five o’clock, he dismissed them, Gerald, excitedly
and with all haste, making his way back to the bedside of his loved one
in order to tell her the intentions of the police.

At last the devilish crimes of the Red Widow and her accomplices were to
be exposed, and the trio of death-dealers punished.




                              *CONCLUSION*


Scotland Yard is difficult to arouse, but when once actual evidence of
crime is forthcoming it is quick of action.

At half-past five that afternoon a small, under-sized man, who wore the
uniform of the Metropolitan Water Board, rang at the basement entrance
of the house in Pont Street, and the cook opened the door. "Well,
missus?" he exclaimed merrily.  "What’s the trouble with the water
here—eh?"

"Trouble?  There’s no trouble," replied the cook, who never suspected
that four other men were in close vicinity awaiting their leader’s call.

"Oh! but we’ve had a report that you’ve got a bad leak in one of your
pipes.  So I’ll just have to look at it," and he carried in what looked
like a walking-stick in wood with a wide trumpet end.

The cook took him into the scullery, and he placed the end of his stick
upon the pipe.  He listened intently, using it like a huge stethoscope.
Then he went from pipe to pipe, chatting merrily with the cook and the
man-servant all the time.

"Are your people at home?" he asked the cook.

"No.  They went away an hour ago in a car down to Brighton for three
weeks.  So we’re all off for a bit of a holiday, so hurry up!  Do you
find anything wrong, mister?"

"No," replied the shrewd little man.  "There must be some mistake, I
suppose.  There’s no leak here, as far as I can detect.  But what a time
you will have—eh?  Did they take much luggage?"

"No, not very much.  Madam said she would come up and get some more on
Tuesday."

"Went sudden-like—eh?"

"Yes.  All of a hurry.  Their friend, Mrs. Pollen, slept here last
night—which is a bit unusual.  But my mistress had a ’phone message.
Then they rang up for a car and all three went off.  They left their
address—the Metropole."

"Do you know where they got the car from?"

"No.  That I don’t!  Why?  I heard Mrs. Pollen ordering it on the
’phone.  But where it came from, I don’t know."

"You think that they’re at the Metropole, at Brighton?"

"Of course they are.  But are you going down there to report a leak of
water, mister?  If so, yours must be a nice comfortable job."

The little man laughed mysteriously, and leaving, walked to the corner
of Pont Street, where he reported to his colleagues that the birds had
flown.

Inquiry at Upper Brook Street brought no better result.  Mrs. Pollen had
not been seen there since the previous day.

Already news of the flight had been telephoned to Scotland Yard, who, in
turn, telephoned to the Brighton police, and within ten minutes the
telegraph wires were at work to the various ports of embarkation,
circulating descriptions of the trio—Boyne’s description being furnished
by the police at Hammersmith, where he was so well known.

That night Gerald sat with Marigold, and both were filled with wonder at
what was happening.

Expert criminals of the type of the death-dealers never fail to arrange
for a safe bolt-hole in case sudden escape becomes necessary.  The
police knew this well, and had already taken certain precautions for
their arrest.

The story, of what followed is a brief, but dramatic one.

The car hired to take them to Brighton conveyed them only as far as
Redhill, where they dismissed it.  The Red Widow, having already
alighted at Sutton, in Surrey, and returning to Victoria by train,
claimed her two trunks.  Then, by the aid of her false passport, and
adding age and shabbiness to her appearance, she managed to travel
third-class from Folkestone to Boulogne and, passed by the police and
passport officer there, went on to Paris, where already she had a safe
asylum awaiting her.

At Redhill Boyne and his wife halted at an hotel, and after being inside
for ten minutes the fugitives came out, paid the man, gave him a
handsome douceur and said that they had changed their minds. Thus
dismissed the man returned to London well satisfied.

The pair separated half an hour later, Boyne returning as far as Clapham
Junction, where he changed and went on to Waterloo.  His idea was to get
away by Southampton that evening to the Channel Islands, and thence,
after a few days, across to Havre.  He knew too well that the game was
up and that his only chance was to get abroad.

On arrival he went into the refreshment room at Waterloo, for he had a
full hour to wait for the next train to Southampton.  Having leisurely
drunk a cup of tea, he was just about to emerge when three men near the
door dashed out and pounced upon him.

In an instant he fought like a tiger, but just as quickly the men
gripped him, though not a word was spoken, except that a terrible
imprecation escaped the assassin’s lips.

He was a master-criminal, and the detectives had not gauged the extent
of his wily cleverness.

"Very well," he laughed grimly at last.  "You needn’t hurt my arm.
Really, this is all extremely annoying."

A crowd had at once assembled at the first sign of a struggle, but the
detectives hurried him unceremoniously to a taxi, into which they
bundled him. Of that very act Bernard Boyne was swift to take advantage,
for ere they could prevent him he had managed to slip his hand to his
mouth and swallowed something—so quickly, indeed, that the detectives
who sat with him could scarcely realise his action.

Then, as the taxi sped across Waterloo Bridge on its way to Bow Street,
Boyne, turning to his captors with a gay laugh of defiance, said:

"Gentlemen, you have done your duty, but you’ve bruised my arm very
badly.  Yet I forgive you. Bernard Boyne has had a long life and a merry
one. But"—he gasped, his face suddenly changed—"but he cheats—he cheats
you—after—after all!"

Next second their prisoner collapsed, and his captors saw to their
horror that he was dead.

Lilla, in ignorance of what had happened, spent the night with a friend
at Reigate, and went next day to Victoria, where she presented the
voucher and obtained her luggage, which she took with her to Liverpool,
having succeeded in purchasing a second-class passage to Canada in the
name of Anna Mansfield, the name upon her forged passport.

When, however, two days later she had boarded the big liner and was
sitting comfortably at tea within an hour of sailing, she was politely
invited by the steward to step ashore again as a friend was awaiting
her.  She at once realised that she had been followed. Two minutes later
she was under arrest.  In the night she was brought to London, and
before the magistrate at Bow Street next morning.

The suicide of Bernard Boyne prevented the whole details of the amazing
conspiracy from being explained at Lilla’s trial, which later on took
place at the Old Bailey.  She was, however, sent to penal servitude for
life as the accomplice of her husband—a just sentence she is still
serving.

Not until nearly three months afterwards was anything heard of the Red
Widow, until one night she was arrested in Lyons, and on being brought
to Paris it was found by the Sûreté Générale that she was wanted by them
for a similar offence in Biarritz—the mysterious death of a red-haired
Englishman named Pearson about three years previously—and that she had,
even then, been in active association with Boyne and his wife.

She was brought before the Examining Magistrate, M. Decoud, and her
guilt proved.  Just before the date of her trial at the Assize Court of
the Seine she followed the master-criminal’s example by poisoning
herself with one of the same tiny pilules which the insane toxicologist
of Harpur Street had prepared for emergency.  This little white pilule
she had succeeded in secreting in the hem of her skirt for nearly four
months, hoping to escape justice.  But at last, being convinced of the
terrible sentence which awaited her, she ended her notorious career.

The demented scientist in Harpur Street, whom Boyne had held so
completely in his power, came to the end of his resources in a month,
and was certified as insane and sent to an asylum.  He made wild
allegations against a person named Wisden, but they were always
unintelligible to the attendants.

The insurance company which had issued the policy on the life of the
unfortunate Mrs. Morrison, combined with three other companies which had
also been defrauded, awarded to Gerald Durrant and Marigold Ramsay the
very substantial sum of one thousand pounds each for their services in
breaking up the dangerous and unscrupulous gang, for had the truth not
been discovered they would in all probability be carrying on their
murderous work at the present moment.

The reward which the young people received went a long way towards
buying the pretty little home they occupy at Hampstead, for they are now
united as man and wife.

Gerald is back again at Mincing Lane, where he has been promoted to a
responsible and lucrative position as assistant manager, but Marigold,
of course, no longer goes daily to the City.

They are never tired of talking of those dark days of their danger and
distress, but there is one person to whom they have agreed never to
refer—that handsome woman of many crimes both known and unknown—the Red
Widow.



                 PRINTED BY CASSELL & COMPANY, LIMITED,
                           LA BELLE SAUVAGE,
                             LONDON, E.C.4
                                F.45.320




           *      *      *      *      *      *      *      *




                       *"THE MASTER OF MYSTERY"*


                      *WILLIAM LE QUEUX’S NOVELS*


"Mr. William Le Queux retains his position as ’The Master of Mystery.’
... He is far too skilful to allow pause for thought; he whirls his
readers from incident to incident, holding their attention from the
first page to the close of the book."—_Pall Mall Gazette_.

"Mr. Le Queux is the master of mystery.  He never fails to produce the
correct illusion.  He always leaves us panting for more—a brilliant
feat."—_Daily Graphic_.

"Mr. Le Queux is still ’The Master of Mystery.’"—_Madame_.

"Mr. Le Queux is a most experienced hand in writing sensational fiction.
He never loses the grip of his readers."—_Publishers’ Circular_.

"Mr. Le Queux always grips his reader, and holds him to the last
page."—_Bristol Times and Mirror_.

"Mr. Le Queux’s books once begun must be read to the end."—_Evening
News_.

"There is no better companion on a railway journey than Mr. William Le
Queux."—_Daily Mail_.

"Mr. Le Queux knows his business, and carries it on vigorously and
prosperously.  His stories are always fantastic and thrilling."—_Daily
Telegraph_.

"Mr. Le Queux is an adept at the semi-detective story. His work is
always excellent."—_Review of Reviews_.

"Mr. Le Queux is always so refreshing in his stories of adventure that
one knows on taking up a new book of his that one will be
amused."—_Birmingham Post_.

"Mr. Le Queux’s books are delightfully convincing.—_Scotsman_.

"Mr. Le Queux’s books are always exciting and absorbing. His mysteries
are enthralling and his skill is world-famous.—_Liverpool Daily Post_.

"Mr. Le Queux has brought the art of the sensational novel to high
perfection."—_Northern Whig_.

"Mr. Le Queux is so true to his own style that any one familiar with his
books would certainly guess him to be the author, even if his name were
not given."—_Methodist Recorder_.

"’As good wine needs no bush’ so no mystery story by Mr. Le Queux, the
popular weaver of tales of crime, needs praise for its skill.  Any novel
with this author’s name appended is sure to be ingenious in design and
cleverly worked out."—_Bookseller_.

"Mr. Le Queux is always reliable.  The reader who picks up any of his
latest novels knows what to expect."—_Bookman_.

